Okay, wait. Pete could lose this game. Unless this is guy storm sickness, there's a good chance Pete loses this game. Let me check Pete quick. Yeah, only 110 chug jug. There's a really easy way to lose this game. Yo, guys, it's the [ __ ] three eggs here. Today, we're going to be watching Peterbot, one of the world's greatest players, and also NA's best right now. I'm going to be showing you what you can learn from him, what he can also fix, just in case he watches the video, and also what we can take away from his gameplay. I'm loving all the activity from you guys. You guys got to let me know who's next. Let's get into it. Okay, we got Pete dropping in. Um, do they have a marker? Okay, they don't have a marker, so they're randomly dropping. You guys always need to make sure you have markers. Shout out Drop C. Okay, he's way too low here. What's his teammates drops? Ritual's got a heater. Okay, Cold and Pete have been AFK dropping. What a surprise. And he doesn't even make the building or manal. And Ritual gets the gun, of course. So, we need to put some respect on Ritual's name, guys. He's the car spawn. Okay, right here, Pete's about to take the rift and and right now what's going on his head is he's looking for people with the key. So, you're going to see him scatter around for players here. I'm I'm going to turn name plates off, guys, so you can see what he's seeing. Right here, he's going to see there's two people here and another trio here, which he doesn't see. So, let me turn off name plates just so you guys can see that. Okay, he doesn't spot the teams, but right now he's scanning for players to key. He wants to improve his loot and get a better shotgun. So right now for these guys, they want to hide from him and they probably know it's Pete because they have ritual and cold have kills off spawn and they play without anonymous mode. Unfortunately, this team makes a mistake in shooting him. Um I think he was sleeping right here, but that's okay cuz they're going to pick up the kill anyway. Nice and easy. Right now, I don't know what that player's thought process was to be honest. They just want to shoot him at the sky. But he got taken down pretty quickly and now his teammates are running for their lives. So be careful guys about who you shoot, especially if you know pebbly way. Okay, his teammates are engaging a fight. He uses his one charge dash and picks up a two charge. So his teammates need help right now. So I'm guessing he's going to start yet dashing over and coming to help his teammates and get involved in the fight. That's a really good dash there that takes a lot of skill to learn. Um perfectly hitting dashes so you can go on to builds and also the way he's built that is very good. So right now he's going to start box fighting. He's playing a bit slower trying to understand the fight. I have this many a time myself where it's like, okay, we don't know where everyone exactly is, what my teammates roles are in the fight. But right here, he's 100% going to start smacking walls. He's baiting them to peak, abusing his zero ping. He going to start applying pressure as AR. He hits 40, but now he's about to be lurked on. He gets pumped from the side here. And now he's trying to get some prep going around. Oh, ritual gets taken down, but they trade one knock. They're protecting ritual right now here. I would probably play to double res, but it's pe cold, so just going to keep running through it. Chasing this guy down. He is not going to leave this guy. He's gonna tell Cole to res and he's gonna chase this guy. Okay, I think he just woke up. Woke up to play this. I think you're looking a bit sleepy. Right here, guys. Pia is carrying the surf cube. I think this is a really underrated keying item. People only use it for rotates normally, but if you are a good player and you like to push teams, having this surf cube is so good. Watch it here. You can you can go so much distance in a short amount of time if you know how to use this really well. For example, here he's not even flying into the sky. He you can go so much quicker and you can use it so much. And you also get rank you get rank up for using it. Surf cube mastery, guys. Look it up right here. He's just looking for players. These guys are hiding from him as I think they know Peter's in the lobby and are scared of his coin he currently has. It's right here. Like I said, he's going to keep using the surf cube and looking for players. And again, everyone's hiding from him. He's padding. People are in bushes and he's still struggling to find people. And this still ends up being a 36 kill win. It just goes to show eventually there's no point in hiding. You're always going to fight the best. And you need to sharpen your skills. Okay guys, I really want to emphasize how good this island coin and how good Pete is with it. It's at half invis coin, half movement coin. So watch how well he jumps with this. hits the pump, wool let it, and he's in the guy's box ready to shoot him. Unfortunately, this guy does really well to get out of the box. And you guys really need to be good with movement this season. Look at this dash he hits. Dashes out, gets away from the shots, goes to shoot back, misses the shot, unfortunately, because he isn't a tier one player, and then he hits his cape and flies out. Really well done. But unfortunately, Pete is going to chase him and find the kill. Like I said with this invis coin, it is so good. He dashes and he's using the invis. This guy's got no idea he's about to be landed on. Three places the wall and gets the pump and this guy's just lost in no man's land. I think it's really important to emphasize how good he is with this coin, how well he is using it, and how you guys should start carrying it and picking it up. The iron coin is underrated as well as using even that guy with the dashes and the miscloak. He used those really well. I think it's really important for you guys to go and practice this in arena and understand how to use these items to to your best ability. Peter's next Midame fight is about to come up. They're going to be pressuring these boxes. These guys are hiding in the bunker. Again, I say I think they know Peter is in the game, especially because he has both coins so they can see him on the map. But right here, he's going to start pressuring the bunker. And I'm going to guess to be fair, they make a mistake here, the other team. And it's because they're not a good team. Instead of fighting back and then maybe rifting later, they choose to rift early. And all that's going to do is Peach either going to go out the bunker and spray the sky or pop the rift as well and chase him. So right here, he's taking the edits with his mythic AR. This This AR has 50 bullets, so it's always really nice to pressure with. He sees them rift. He's going to reload his AR. I'm guessing he's going to rift after him. Yep. Hits the rift with his teammates and they start to chase. Another bad mistake from this other team. They don't land on top of this hill cuz they landed on top of this hill, the very top one. If Peter Ritual Cole decided to land on them, they have a very good chance of doing good damage out the sky. If they landed right here, all of them held their their AR out and they and Pia rifted, there's a really good chance Peter dies out the sky. or maybe even two of them D out the sky here. But unfortunately, look, they go split. This is the sign of not being a good team. I'm gonna guess they're not on that many good points. Yes. So, Peter's on 350 points. Probably about first in the 20. And these guys are on 20. And they're really going to get caught out here. They're split. This guy's running a different direction from his teammates. This guy's looking with his AR. About the best thing you can do, but it's the wrong position. Nah, it's too late. They're about to get Peter on their head. Peter dives. miss capes and then and now this guy's about to get 2v1 3v1 maybe and his teammate is gonna get to him time but Peter's gonna 2v1 him nice and early he gets coned by Peter this guy's running for his life this is something Peter does really good when I used to watch him back in the day like maybe like in over the last year something he would always do is he holds his shotgun a lot more than the typical player and I think you'd see as playing like a very slowed down version, but a lot of the time, especially because he's zero ping, he's smacking walls with his pickaxe and holding his pump out and waiting for the other person to do a mistake rather than him doing something exceptional himself, especially in box fight moments. So, right here, jumps on the guy's wall, tries to get the wall, he doesn't get it, but he's pregaming the guy. Hits a uh over a 100 shot and pulls it as AR straight away. And he's going to play to take the wall here rather than shooting him. You see how Pete moved to the right? So, he's not playing to shoot him here because if he plays to shoot him, there's a good chance the guy hits a pump shot and then he keeps the wall. So, there's no chance of of killing him there. Here, he's going to play play to take the wall, but also if he gets hit, it's okay because he has the wall to instead and kill him. He doesn't get the wall there. So, he switches opponent. Now, he's in a 2v one. He's starting to play a bit slower. He sees this guy's running to pad off and this guy's going to leave his teammates behind and run. He doesn't get to him in time, but now he doesn't want to let the second kid get it. He gets hit up a bit. He's going to pop his coin and he's going to go up. This guy's teammates's already gone down. This guy should be looking to pat off already cuz now he's by himself here. But unfortunately, he's chosen to fight Prime Peterot. And now Prime Ritual and Cold War also. He gets pieced up there. Pete hits a 50, but it's not going to matter. Comment down below, guys, if you have that teammate who is selling you and always leaving you in 3v1 scenarios. Drop the comment. And don't forget, guys, Pier is always looking to max out his items and replenish them. So, right here, he's going to go, he's going to open this S chest. He's going to get a new mist and also a new surf cube. Right here, he picks up both mist and surf cube. Now he has the best items to key the whole lobby. Pet is going to get back to keying now. You're going to see him go against pro players. These guys are tier 2 players. Let's see how he goes in a fight against them. His teammates are already fully in the fight. Now he's going to start jumping on them. He starts box fighting here. Like I said, guys, you see that holding shotgun, focused on holding a shotgun. I'm going to replay that one for you. He's literally standing in the open, jumping around, holding a shotgun because if they edit, he is perfectly pre-amed on their head. This is something that that a lot of aimers struggle to understand. Crosshair placement is so important in a lot of games, especially this one. So, right here, look, he's going to jump over. I'm going to slow it down for you just so you can see. Look, shotgun placement. Shotgun placement. Shotgun placement. In case this guy breaks the wall, he's ready to pump. Now, he's going to switch to this guy. Crosshair placement. Crossair placement. Crossair placements. Now he decides to pump the wall and replace it because these guys he can tell aren't focused on opening an air on him and getting a shot. Gets the wall and stare. Now he's going to start applying pressure back to this guy. Cracks him again. Holding shotgun. He jumps in and the guy gets the guy has pull shotgun. The exotic pool shotgun. So it kind of got a bit messy but gets a kill regardless. And those are the tier 2 NA players that just got wiped by him. It goes to show how good this player is. Okay, Peter is looking for his next victim. I hate to put it that way, but this guy really is going to be his next victim. Here, for example, guys, he's going to use the surf cube to fly on someone's head. So, right here, this is what's really good about the surf cube. You can literally fly in the sky and they won't hear you and you can land on their head. He doesn't use it perfectly here, which is a mistake of his. If he right clicks off here, he can land perfectly on their head. You'll see what I mean. Unfortunately, he just jumps straight on them. But if he flew down, he's going to land straight on their head and be able to get a really nice shot for his teammates to jump on. See, these guys are running for their life. Like I said, they know Peter's in the lobby. It's too easy for him. I don't even want to talk about that one. Simple wall replace. The guy's lost and he knows it's Peter right here, guys. This is going to be key in Puyo. He doesn't stand a chance. Unfortunately, this guy makes a mistake, gets pumped 100 here. And watch what he does here, guys. He's going to do what I've been saying the whole time about his gameplay. He always holds his shotgun and looks that pre- aim. Holding shotgun. Guy does a dumb edit. Guy gets hit 105 for it. Now he's going to start pressuring with his 50 bullet AR and chasing them. So when he dashes over here, he tries to jump in. That's fair. He could have timed the jump in better if he really wanted to get in. But right here, when he gets boxed, this is something you guys can do when you get boxed. If you stand on top of the cone here, look on top of the cone, the bottom cone, you can jump into your cone, and that's how you get out of the box. You can jump into your cone, place a floor, and pickax out, and then phase the cone so you get out the box. I will show you a way to do it after this. Instead, he hits a 150 shot here because he's just that damn good. But he really should have jumped into the cone there. This is a a situation he could easily die in. Okay, guys. I'm going to show you how to perfectly escape from a box. If someone ever has these edits on you where it's like this, and I'm doing this on NA ping, by the way, so I don't want to hear no excuse about ping. Anyone can do this. So, if someone has this edit on me here and I'm throwing pump shots out and they're trying to shoot back at me and I'm hiding, one really easy thing to do, and what I do a lot is you stand on top of the cone and jump in. And then from here, you just pickaxe out. And even if someone's holding it, you're going to phase through it just by going in the corner or standing at the top of it. So, even if this isn't your cone and you can't edit out of it, if you pickaxe and go in the corner, you're going to phase it and get out. So, I'm going to show you guys that one more time. These aren't my walls. Someone's pumping me. I quickly I'm just playing around the cone. Jump in. And I'm doing this on naping just to show you how easy it is. I want to see you guys start using this more and getting out of boxes. So again, these guys are going to run and Pete's going to keep chasing them. They get cracked by another team and he's going to he's lurking on them right here. He's helping his teammates here by getting that kill. Good support from him. And now he's holding his shotgun yet again. Look at this. It's a really important element of Fortnite, holding your shotgun. And the guy just makes a rookie mistake doing that. Oh, it gets sticky there. Oh, wow. Okay, they almost lost that. Oh, they're going to get keyed here. Now, we're going to switch to Colt. We'll see if Cole's going to how he's going to defend this or whether the team's just going to give it up. Okay, the team does a poor job of playing for the body. So, Pete gets up and I know Pete is going to fight back. Hits 100. He's holding the wall waiting for his teammate to replace it. Gets a quick kill and he's going to keep chasing through it with his mythic AR. But now guys, it's time to get to endame. So, he should slow down, but you never know. A Pia. Okay, Pete's going to dash on the team here and look to box fight. But again, how much I talk about holding shotgun out. I'm going to He's Look, look at that. fully holding his shotgun, waiting for the team to edit, sitting with his mouse, holding in place exactly like this, not moving it, keeping it perfectly on his head. Right now, he's trying to replace the wall. He's abusing his mythic AR. Cold goes down. He really needs to protect his body here. I'm guessing he's going to get a bullet throw. Oh, no, he doesn't. They throw Cold back and they start to res him. They really need to keep him alive here for the endame. And now Pete's found his next victims. And right here is a crucial mistake they make. And exceptional pre-piece by Peter. He knows these guys are going to go to run because he's smacking their head. He's already cracked them. He goes to pre-piece it. One guy gets away. Now, that is not a negative. You've split up the trio doing this. Now, there's only two here and they're grasping at straws to get away. Look, this guy runs out the box and dashes. And this guy's left on his lonesome. And Pete is going to not let him run. Look at him pre- piecing, not letting him go. He sees he gets down. He edits down one, gets a pre piece, tries to dash away, and it's too late for the guy. It's really important to note how good prep piece is and not letting these guys get to their teammates. And Pete is just going to keep firing. He knows this guy is holding the cone, though, so I'm curious what he's doing here. Oh, Cole's just going to take him down. I mean, I guess that's why you have two star players on the trio. Sorry, Ritual. But now we're going to get into the ide of how Peter is going to play this end game. So, let's see. He could build up for height here. What's he going to do? He's server spraying this team. He knows they're a duo. He's looking to see if there's a high ground. There's no high ground. So, I'm guessing they're he's going to have ritual maybe build up for it and he's just going to jump jump on people and get kills. Yeah, this is exactly what's happening. Peter's doing whatever he wants. He's just going to victimize this lobby. He's going to cut through everyone right now. This game is completely in him and his trio's control. They're on height. He's playing backside, spraying people. If anything even happens to him, all he's got to do is miss away. He's going to slow everything down here and wait to find his next victim. Right here, guys, he's just playing angles. So, he was at the front side of the moving and now pulls completely back. So, now he's going to have a lot of chances to get angles on people and shoot them. So, right here, he abuses the invis coin like I was talking about it earlier. That movement, he instantly jumps on the guy, hits a 50 to 100 tag on him and boxes him in. gets a bit sketchy because he hits a 40 pump, but it's all good. Wait, but now Cold's died and Cold's died to death. Okay, so what's happening here? Are they having height taken off them? Okay, Pete goes up to help. They still have height, but now they need to be really aware of the of this trio. Yeah, this trio is just who killed height. Are they going to give it up still? Because they know it's Peter. Okay, they are going to. They're dropping to low ground even though they killed cold. Oh, he's ziplining through their box. Okay. Okay. It gets really sketchy. Okay. This is a really good point to note though. The way he uses these zip lines. This is something you guys can look back on. I I'm going to put a clip of me also using a zipline like this. He's about to destroy their whole top with this zip line. You see, he drops them down here and now he's looking for a pump. He doesn't get it and he missed because he thought he thinks he's in a trio's box, but it's all good. Now he's zip landing through another trio's box. Ritual is really backing him up here, staying with him and looking for kills together. He does not want to lose this game. hits a max pump here and the guy dies to his own. He needs to get back on height here. So, I'm guessing he's going to miss and fight the height team. Yeah, here we go. But now we get to see a real build fight. He's abusing the invis invis coin here. Right then, he jumped and sprinted. So, you have a half second where nobody can see you. And he hits a a quick pump and he's going to keep doing it over and over. You see, constantly going into invis. He gets a kill on one of them. They died to his own. You also can't take full damage with this coin. So, it's really important to note he can just full drop down on this guy. He's full pre- aiming him. And this guy birds off cuz he knows he's fighting Peter right here. Ritual's going to play at height whilst Pete just goes for every kill. Oh, Ritual has the pool shotgun. So, that's why these guys are being pulled everywhere. So now someone trying to play for his high ground. He's just dashing up, playing his invis, abusing the coin. Really nice piece from him there. That's I'm I'm a bit too old to do all that, but maybe you guys can do it. So right here, Pete's going to keep applying pressure to the trio. It's the only way they lose this game. He only has 110 chug for the heel off, so he potentially lose this. Okay, this guy flies off with 20 seconds left and he has cape. So there is potential for Pete to lose this game if this guy has enough heal off. Let's check. So Rich was trying to hunt him down. He's going to die before he gets to him. Okay, wait. Pete could lose his game. Unless this guy has storm sickness, there's a good chance Pete loses this game. Let me check Pete quick. Yeah, only 110 chug jug. There's a really easy way to lose this game. Oh, and Pete's got storm sickness. This this is easily Oh, the other guy has storm sickness. Okay. All right. If this guy doesn't have storm sickness, he does lose this game. But thankfully, the other guy has storm sickness. So right here they they actually do get a 36 kill win in FNCS. After watching those games of Peter, I think it's really important to note how much he's using his shotgun, how well he's using his movement, and I think those are two of the reasons and the biggest reasons what makes Peterbot Pebbot. We also do have to give shout out to Rich One Cold for being able to keep up with that demon. But guys, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Drop in the comments you guys want me to watch and I appreciate you. Ladder.