All Night Competitive has finally brought back solos. After a long overdue wait, they brought it back with a load of skin cups and a full solo series. And in today's video, I'm going be breaking down a simple eight-step procedure that you can follow to earn free skins, including the Ax Champions and the Championship Surf Witch, which are coming out in the next few days, as well as an exact game plan that you can follow to get better placements inside the solo series. This is a massive six week tournament with a massive prize pool at the end of it. That's going to be very, very good. If you can try to qualify and improve for these simple eight steps that I'm going to outline are going to help you avoid just barely missing out on qualifying like Restub did, avoiding getting an embarrassing placement down in the top 30,000, as well as avoiding you getting tilted in the entire cup and barely even playing. Without further ado, let's get straight into this with step one. All right, guys. Step number one, and we're starting with an endgame example right here, but this is so important for success in solos, is to not let yourself get tilted or get frustrated or get annoyed. As you can see right here, I hit this guy down to literally 10 HP and he's tanking 10 tick for some reason and he doesn't die. He goes down to one HP and what happens to me? I get jumped on from the back. This guy is just the best player is just not dying in storm for whatever reason. And I'm not getting my sciphon. I'm not getting my points. It'll be very, very easy to get frustrated by what happened right there. And it is so easy to have this happen in solos, you know, getting frustrated for no reason. If we just watch through this endgame, there's going to be a lot of dumb deaths and annoying ways that people lose the game. And you can't let that affect you. If you think about how many times, you know, something irritating happens in solos, you know, whether it's a skin cup, whether it's getting awareness checked, whether it's somebody doing some weird play, it is so likely to happen, you know, a couple games. And if you let it bother you, you're never going to get a good result in solos. Like take a look at this guy for example. He's, you know, completely stacked. He's got game-winning loot, but unfortunately Zone just plays straight up a mountain. And even though this final 1 v one comes down super close, he still ends up losing it and misses out on like 15 points just from that win right there. It's so important that you guys approach solos with the correct mindset, the correct, you know, ability to not get frustrated and be patient and not let yourself get greedy. You know, going for risky plays, going for aggressive W keys that you don't need. Instead, have a game plan and stick to it. And let's get into the offspawn. All right, step number two. This is so important is to make sure you have a solid drop spot in mind that gives you a bunch of different options. So, as you can see right here, I've already scouted out and I know that there's people landing at the front of this POI and there's also people landing at the back of the map. That basically just tells me where I shouldn't go and I'm going to create my own loot path that's different every single game depending on where other people are landing. It also helps if you are landing at a POI. It's much easier to do this landing at POI. You can basically always just create your own little custom loot path, which is exactly what I do this game. I do a completely different loot path than I did in the other games. Allows me to get a bunch of metal. And one really, really big thing for solos, I would say, is just prioritizing getting your metal up within the first sort of five or six minutes of the game. And then you basically just don't have to worry about it for the rest of the game at all. So, I prioritize that. I know I've got a bit of a timing window here with the people at the back of the map. Haven't rotated past yet. They're still looting up. I get this timing window to farm up all of my metal and I instantly start leaving the PI low pad out and try to have the quickest early timing possible. Don't waste around like farming up for 10 minutes in an early game situation. Instead, get straight out after you get your metal up and start focusing on having a good mid map position, which is what we'll take a look at next. Now, this is probably one of the biggest tips I can give you guys is just to make sure you always have good awareness whenever you're doing any type of action where you could get snuck on, you could get camped on. I had somebody come into my chat while I was playing this cup and they said they died to bush campers six games out of 10. I mean, after the third death, dying to a bush camper, surely you will just not run into a bush anymore. But people do not do this in solos. Whenever you're refing your mats, whenever you're, you know, doing anything risky like trying to scout and try to get loot, whatever, always make sure you're having really big hyper awareness. Like right here, as you can see, I hear somebody fall and I instantly stop farming, block my angles, and start playing super cautious and scouting out where this opponent is. You can't let yourself get, you know, snuck on or camped on or anything in solos. And that is one of the biggest ways that people die is just by making silly mistakes in solos. Now, let's head on to some fighting tips as we get into this engagement right here. I'm going to do two different types of fights. One is sort of a, you know, a standard 1v one fight and other is when you're on the defensive and you need to play safe and need to play time and exactly how you can do that. Now, for the vast majority of players, you guys are probably not dying to, you know, straight up mid game fights where you're 200 HP and your opponent is 200. probably all good enough to not die in that situation or just not take those fights. The main culprit for people dying in solos is when they get keyed out the blue. Either they get hit for a lot of damage or they just get straight up keyed and they're not expecting the fight. And of course, the guy who's being aggro getting on the wall, they normally have the advantage. So, in this fight, I make three mistakes as well as I do three good plays. And you guys run you through the first mistake, which is of course doing an instant edit. There's no reason for me to do this instant edit. It plays into the favor of the opponent who is, you know, got the gun out waiting for me. He's obviously got a better gun as well. He's got the exotic. So, he out trades me right here. Then I make a second mistake, which is first of all, I'm too old to edit this left hand wall. So, I've got 25 mechanics. And the next mistake that I make is I turn my back to my opponent. Whenever you turn your back on somebody, it is so easy for them to just, you know, jump in or spray in. And in this case, all my opponent does is spray, tags me twice as they are, and he basically almost kills me straight off the bat. However, this is the point in the fight where I decided to lock in. I stopped playing like a drone and I started actually doing some good mechanics and good plays. First thing I did is I just crank up an insane amount right here and basically just grief all of my mats by layering up and getting my quick heals off as much as possible. It's so important to just waste quick kills in this fight like this. Basically makes it very hard for your opponent to actually end the fight since you're obviously going to continue to heat up the entire time. So, I waste all of my quick kills. I make a nice little two by one right here. And I also do something very important which is where my opponent is coming from. It's actually double layered as you can see. It's not just a single wall. It's not just a single floor or a cone. It's actually double layered which makes it very awkward for him to break it. However, this is when I make the third mistake of this fight which is actually not having a good timing on my edit. Whenever you're low when you're playing defensive, you need to be looking for timing edits where your opponent's breaking or spraying and you can get a shot off. However, as you can see, I commit to my big part right here and then I finally do the edit. But what's happens? My opponent is ready for it. They catch me the pre-fire and I'm basically completely screwed at this point in the fight. How about I decide to turn it around instead of just giving up and start panicking. All I do continue to heal up, let my opponent spray through a little bit. I finally get a little bit of damage off right here, spotting that my opponent was in a bad spot. He couldn't actually see me as I did that peak right there. And now the final way that I closed out this fight and somehow killed this guy, even though he is the best loot in the game, all I did was as he got on my wall right here is I forced him into making mistake. first mistake he make is by, you know, not healing up, you know, getting on my wall when he's one pumpable, as you can see. And the next thing that I did as he gets in and as he replaces me, I swing to my right, to his left. So, I'm basically moving to the right. This allows me to, you know, get behind his character model. Very, very hard to hit the shot right here. And he misses and I'm able to one pump him and take him out and also get the truck and basically be completely st for this game. It's so important when you get keyed like that that you're not afraid of, first of all, wasting a load of your materials as well as wasting loads of your heals. So you can continue to play on probably the worst thing that you can do in solos is just give up when you get keyed or get annoyed when you get keyed and stop getting you know swearing at your opponent getting annoyed. Instead play every single fight like it really matters if you live or die cuz these little midame fights where you know you die like 10 minutes in. That is the difference between you earning a skin or qualifying for the solo series. It all does add up over the course of a 10ame format. Now when it comes to solo fights, there's basically two main types of fighting that you're going to get into. One is just where you're very very standard. you're both the same HP as your opponent and you just sort of run into each other and get into a fight. And these are generally the type of fights you want to avoid because of course, you know, in this situation, I don't actually need this fight, have the guy just starts fighting me. So, I need to play it two different types of ways. The first is to not give up any type of bad peaks, you know, where I'm doing a 50/50 and I'm not rushing into an edit. And also, second, try to maintain control of the fight and don't let your opponent turn it into a build fight, which is so important. solos. As you can see right here, my opponent starts trying to crank in, turn into a build fight. He's, you know, just going up and he's, you know, wasting loads of mats going up. You don't want to do this in solos. You don't want to start ramping up towards your opponent, trying to retake height. Instead, look for chop out plays. Look for opportunities to get free damage and prioritize just shooting your gun and trying to go for opportunities rather than just building and editing the entire time in a fight. It's really, really useful. And again, don't do any type of bad peaks. Like right there, I could have done a peak. I could have tried to out trade him, but instead, all I do is just look for a simple height retake. I'm not build fighting right here. I spot my opponent's going up. Keep my crosshair on them. Nice little free shot. Another little smart peak. And what do I do to end the fight? Just a nice little chop out. And the opponent has no chance of doing anything in that fight. And I didn't take any damage, which is really, really important. You can't be winning fights by taking like 100 damage just to close out. That's how you end up getting third party. That's how you end up getting crash padded on. Try to win fights without taking your damage by playing nice and slow, not build fighting, and also not taking bad trades. All right, so we've already taken a look at how to actually fight in solos defensively as well as just a straight up 50/50 fight. And you need to learn to do that. You need to play solo ranked. You need to know how to fight. However, this next step basically just completely avoids mid game fights. And this is what the majority of your games should look like in solos. If you want to try to earn skins and if you want to do well in the solo series, literally all you need to do is get yourself stacked within the first 5 minutes of the game. Get a load out, get mobility, you know, get a preferred guns that you want to use. You know, the wrecker SMG, very, very good combo. And then as the second zone pops, you need to do this one really simple thing. And that is literally just look where the zone is pulling and look where it's touching. So as you can see, if we come down here, it's touching the very very bottom of the map down to the far, you know, southeast of the map right here. And that tells me instantly that the end game is going to be somewhere in this sort of circle where I'm sort of hovering my mouse over. So I'm not going to rotate, you know, to edge here and into XR. I'm not going to rotate into Dystopia. What I'm going to do instead, and I do this every single game, is stick to the edge of the map and go to where I think zone is going to pull. And that's exactly what I did this game. I literally rotate around the edge of the map. I'm even swimming through the ocean, going around the whole of the edge map. I'm camping in a bush right just avoiding people. And basically what I'm doing is just completely avoiding people, avoiding getting myself griefed. Cuz a lot of the time in solos, you're going to have a dead game like this where, you know, it's 25 up, people are trying to keep, people are just griefing and fighting, and you want to play endame. And doing this strategy where you think about where zone's going to go allows you to always be on the dead side of it. As you can see, nobody is near me. I'm completely free right here. And it's going to allow you to consistently get into end games as well as to have an easy time of rotating partial zones. And probably my number one tip for partial zones since I know a lot of people struggle with this is just make sure your earlier game is better. Make sure you're not on congested side with loads of people. Instead, make sure you're in a position like I am here where I rotated fully to dead side. I'm completely isolated. There's lally like nobody near me. And that's going to make my next rotate really, really easy. And I'm going to constantly focus as I rotate on keeping my mats as stacked as possible. So, I'm refing the whole time. Zone pools down. You can see the advantage of where I am rather than being up and congested, which is where most people are in this game is I can rotate completely for free, get some barrels completely for free. I'm able to rearm up to catmats once again, and I'm also able to rotate into the end zone. Really, really simple. Another strategy that you can use and you know make use of pretty well is whenever you're running low on sprints. So you can see I sprinted most of this zone and actually got further in is I'm just going to box up and rearm a couple trees and I'm cap wood. I'm going to build a little two bar of this and this just basically allows me to recharge my sprint, keep my mats really really high as well as potentially scout out my next rotate. So I'm going to scout a little bit, have a look, make sure nobody's sneaking on me or coming up from behind on me and then I'm able to rotate in completely for free. Really, really simple. Since I checked there was nobody behind, I could farm for free, build a nice little base just like that, as you can see. And I go get all my brick. And just like that, I'm literally catmats going into endame. And I did this in every single game. And that's why I was able to earn a skin. Literally so simple. Just wait for second zone to pop, look where it's going to go, think about it, and then avoid being on congested side before the partials. And that allows you to just be in a really good spot, going to the next zone and the next zone after that, and suddenly you're going to be catmats going into endame every single game. All right. Now, in terms of the meta load out that you should be running into end games. This is basically what you always want to try to get just before endgame. I would recommend sentinel pump. Any type of AR, either the oxar or the fury or even the hammer are also really good. Bigs, so you don't have to waste your fizz to heal up your shield, as well as of course a fizz and crash pads for mobility. You can potentially play just wrecker revolver only, but I think this loadout is way better for solos. Obviously, you can try to fight a siphon as well for whites rather than carrying whites. This is what I would recommend to have good solo games. The next thing I'm going to talk about is how you should actually crash pad this season. There's a couple things you always need to do as you crash pad, and that is listen for other people throwing their crash pads. So, right here, I heard this guy next to me throw his crash pad. I know he's going to be flying through the air. So, I deliberately wait a second for him to actually hit his crash. So, now if he was to get shot at, he would draw all the attention of everybody in zone. They'd all be shooting at him. And I can quite simply fizz, crash pad, do the entire rotate in one go. And as you can see, I've already planned out and I've marked where I want to go. I don't want to end up down on low ground in the water wasting loads of mats. Instead, I've marked exactly where I want to go to. I land, go up a layer straight away, so I'm not sitting in an awkward spot and I'm immediately just going to chill, hold my builds, hold my shotgun out. If you ever get beamed off a crash bed, guys, don't heal up straight away. Instead, just hold your shotgun out, look for people, you know, near you. Make sure your walls are healed up. And then now at this point, if I needed to heal, because my walls are a little bit healthier, people can't see me as easily. They can't see that I'm popping a big or whatever. I can easily heal up without taking any more damage and without wasting any materials. All right. Now, as we come into moving zones, this is probably the biggest thing that people mess up this season. It's just how to crash pad and use mobility items in moving zones. And it's really, really important that you get this correct. Otherwise, you're just going to always have bad games and get beamed out the air and just die. So, what I'm doing here is I'm listening as before other people to crash pad and rotate next to me. And as soon as I hear a couple people go, as you can see, that basically tells me, okay, nobody's going to be looking at me. I'm also pretty far backside. I make sure not to, you know, fully edit this out so I don't get jumped on right here in case there was somebody sneaking on me. And then I just do a nice simple crash pad, bumping my head off the cone and going towards front side. The really key thing though, guys, is you shouldn't try to do the whole rotate on one go like all of these three players are doing. As you can see, all of these three players, they're trying to do one crash pad and then box up, end of zone, tarpen a little bit, and they're completely done. You should always break your rotates up into two parts or sometimes even three parts, but normally two parts is enough. So, what I'm going to do instead, rather than landing on congested side here where everybody is, you can see it's like six people landing in the same spot. Instead, I'm going to land a little bit towards the edge, not quite in zone. And this allows me to either look for a refresh on somebody like rotating next to me or coming from backside. But instead, what allows me to do is have a much much easier time on my second part of the rot. I'm not getting boxed fought. I'm not getting griefed. Instead, all I'm going to do scout out. Okay, looks like a pretty free layer straight ahead of me here. I'm going to fizz run out my box and I get myself to an absolutely perfect position towards the dead side of first moving. And the reason why this is so strong, as you can see where I'm at here compared to everybody else here, is first of all, no matter where the next zone pulls, I'm going to have a very, very easy crash bed. Secondly, I don't have to fight for refresh. I don't have to get griefed and have somebody smack on my back when I'm not paying attention. Instead, all I need to do is wait for next zone. So, if it pulls up to the north, I've actually pulled zone. If it pulls out here to the east or west, it's very, very easy for me to do a good crash pad and have a good rotate. And even if it pulls straight back here, which is actually what happens, it's actually really easy for me to do a crash pad because there is nobody next to me, right? There's literally nobody on this entire side zone. As soon as zone pulls, I crash pad straight under height, get myself to a good high layer, and for the rest of this game, I literally don't have to do anything. My mats are so good at this point. All I need to do is play nice and slow and smart and I can find a refresh later on when I actually need to. Don't force refreshes. Instead, just focus on having good rotates and breaking your moving zones up into two parts. All right. Now, the final step of this guide for solos genuinely is just how to find refreshes. This isn't something that most people struggle with. And in my opinion, you shouldn't be going for a refresh first second move in most of the time unless you really need it and you can spot a good opportunity like a third party and somebody's fighting. Instead, what you should do is wait for a little bit later into the game when you've already secured a bunch of placement and then tactically decide to claim low ground like I'm doing here. I've claimed low. I built a load of extra boxes. I did get hit down to low HP while doing this. But the main reason I'm claiming low is cuz you can find very very free kills. Like that guy's, you know, 10 HP running back in storm. This guy's 100 HP. This guy down here is, you know, pretty shambles. He's not looking the best as well. So, if you claim low ground at the correct moment, you know, end of second moving, going into third moving, you're always going to find refreshes, which is what I did for the majority of my kills in this cup. So, I get a very, very simple kill right there. Guy running past my wall. He's one HP. And I'm just going to take my time, fully heal up. And this is the point in the game where you can either think about, you know, getting to a better layer or you can think about chaining together multiple refreshes. So, trying to, you know, put yourself into a spot where you can find even more refreshes, which is what I'm going to do here. I decided to cut cut off low, get hit down to a little bit, you know, lower HP. And as soon as you get hit low like this, you should just stop thinking about fighting and instead just thinking about actually getting towards front side and getting so you can't be held by somebody who's already ahead of you. As you can see, I fully tap in, get myself, you know, a little bit healthier, and I'm waiting for next zone swap. And this is so important for finding refreshes. It's not about, you know, how good your fighting is, it's all about how good your positioning is. So, as you can see, I'm in the end zone right here. And as soon as this zone swaps and it pulls over this way towards this big mountain, what do I do? I tank a little bit storm. I run around the side, do a little fizz jump, and I layer up. The reason why this layer up is so important is it's going to give me a really good angle to shoot back and to fight people and to use angles onto all of these shambles players behind me. Look, five people behind me. And all I've done is just sprinted, got on front side, and I built, of course, a classic little 2x1. Really, really simple stuff. two bar out of wood looking for a kill and I'm exactly able to find it. Spot somebody below my floor. Do two nice little peaks using the floor. You can't really hit me in return like there and I'm able to get this refresh down on low gun. Next thing whenever you get a refresh, you know, in a shambble spot like this down on low gun, make sure you cover your angles cuz this guy is trying to pre- aim me. All I do, cover my angles, get the refresh secured, make sure I'm not getting jumped on as I grab it, get the fizzes, and immediately I start thinking about how I can win the game. And you guys should know how to win solo games by this point. But very very simply, the best way to win a game is by taking height, which exactly what I'm going to try to do here. However, I will pause for a second and fully heal up. So, I'll build another 2x1. Very, very simple stuff. High layer. You know, think about what's height doing. Is hype shooting me? Is height shooting somebody else down on low ground? As you can see, as soon as I heal up now, I'm like healthy enough. I'm not going to get one pumped very, very easily. I'm going to crash up. You can either do this crash pad or you can do the one with the stair where you just place the stair from my last Vania Pixie Marius video if you guys watch that. And then you go flying straight up to height and very very simply like nine times out of 10 if you're able to do this on height. Especially if you're able to damage the height player as you're going up on them and you're quite healthy as well, you will be winning the game because height will be quite shambled. They'll have you know fully Ted throughout moving zones. They may have fought on height earlier. If you take height like third or final moving, you will normally win the games like nine times out of 10 if you do the height take correctly, which is what I did right here. However, unfortunately for me, I ran into a full aim bot on height who has uh been banned from the cup and he basically insta killed me and I look like a bit of a drone. But a little bit unfortunate running into a cheater on height. That's why I wasn't get able to get into the top 100. If I won this game, I think I'd easily place in the top 100 of this cup. And if you guys ever run into a cheetah, literally all you need to do is as soon as you realize or you thought you do died to a cheetah, literally just come here, click report, and it's like so simple to report the player that killed you. And yeah, they should get banned within within the cup or within the next day or so, so they can't play any future weeks. So that is basically the ultimate guide to solos. I'll be doing loads more solo guys for, you know, solos this season. If you guys are interested, make sure to subscribe. I do love doing solos and we're kind of going just past globals into solos and into duos. There's going to be a lot of new content coming out. Please leave a like and I hope you guys enjoyed this