In today's video, I'll be VOD reviewing pro player Shark, who is a 14-year-old player with over 30,000 earned and is being called the EU Peterbot cuz of how fast and dominant he is. He's even been beating players like Veno, Viko, and Marius in 1 v1 several times, hitting clips like this on VO. I don't care cuz I feel like you're good on the high cuz you played it so many times. If you're struggling to get good in chapter 6, I would really recommend watching this video and watching more of Shark because I do believe he is part of the next generation of pro players that will dominate competitive. Anyways, enough yapping. Let's get into the video. This kill right here I want to show you guys is how good Shark is at pre-firing and predicting opponents. It may look like he just reacted to his edit, but here I'm going to show you guys how he's actually pre-firing this player. So he sees this opponent box up and he did crack him before but he healed up. And then as soon as he drops on his wall, Shark likes to just pull out his pickaxe instantly and then pull out his pump. But when he realizes that there's no wall, he instantly pulls out his shotgun and shoots. He He's already thinking of shooting right here. This is what you guys fail to realize is most people would wait for the edit and then shoot, but that's already too late cuz the opponent will be able to shoot you while you're shooting them. But if you pre-fire like this and then build, you're going to have it in time and then the other opponent's shot is going to go through your build. So you shoot before they edit and then most of the time they will edit. But if they don't edit, you're just going to end up shooting the wall that they didn't edit and then you can just like go pressure another side or something. You'll see that in the other kills I'll show you guys when it doesn't actually happen. But this time, the player did the edit, so the pre-fire did work out in Shark's favor, and he gets a ramp in. And now he's one HP, and all he has to do is just shoot him through the build. So basically, when you drop on walls like that, when you drop on walls like here, you usually don't want to drop out with your pickaxe like Shark does. But he is a very uh confident player, so if you're confident in your defensive fighting, it's fine. But if you're not that confident, then you should just be dropping on these ramps that you built with your pump out and just wait to pre-fire cuz that's kind of what he did here as soon as he realized that you didn't get the wall. But yeah, that's pretty much all you have to do. And now he's just one HP. Just going to laser through just kills him right there through the wall. All right, next kill. So, this kill right here I want to show you guys is going to be one of the easier kills. And it shows you how easy it is to just find a good camping spot, look for people fighting and catching them off guard. He spotted these two players fighting earlier. He made this edit and he let it confirm so and it would look like he left. No one really expects him to be behind this edit really. So, this guy, he catches this guy batting ahead and he just lasers him. Obviously, just good aim training, good aim practice here. You guys are going to need that for surprise plays like these. And then all you have to do to counter a single box like this is super easy. Like this is a pro, by the way. So this is not a bad player. And uh all he does is just pre-piece everywhere. He gets the doubles because he was faster than the opponent. And yeah, he just kills him. Full box 200. It's that simple. The best way to counter a single box like this is just a pre piece literally everywhere around. He will not be able to do anything after that. So yeah, pretty simple kill. Now the next kill I'm going to show you guys is part of this 29 kill win that Shark got. As soon as he sees this opponent get on his wall and he's probably going to start pickaxing since he's right in front of him and he's 150 HP with a mythic pump. Like if you have a higher rarity pump and you're high HP at insta edit is not even bad since the opponent if he pickaxes once and pulls out his pump he can trade him. So, if you're low, you can't really do this edit. If you do this instant edit where you also show your player to the opponent and the player is pretty good, they might just max you or just hit you really hard, especially if you're low HP, you're just kind of asking to die there. But since he has a good amount of HP and the opponent is playing very aggressive, use Instadis on him and he gets trapped in his builds and it's a free kill. So instead is a very good way to get very easy and fast counter damage on an opponent that doesn't look very good because if they because honestly if you can tell that the opponent is pretty good at the game and insta edit isn't always the play to go, but sometimes a trade at the start of a fight isn't even bad. So you guys have to know when to pull the edit out. It's not very good for every single situation. Try to gauge the skill level that the opponent that you're fighting is before you do that type of edit because if they are good, they can punish you very, very quick for doing that. So, don't go typing in the comments telling me, "Hey, I did the edit that you told me to do and it went wrong." Like, no. There's a big risk when you take that edit. But that's also what you're going to have to do sometimes when you're trying to get these high kill wins, especially if you're confident in fighting defensive. You can always take some bad peaks. That's why you'll see tier one pros taking very bad peaks sometimes because they're confident in their defensive fighting. Let's say they take a wide edit like Shark just did there and then they get maxed like they're literally 10 HP, 50 HP, very very low. They're confident in their ability to make space and box up and do it all fast enough. Heal, get counter damage before the opponent actually kills them after doing that first shot. They're very confident playing defensive. So, them being low is not going to make them play worse. Because I know a lot of you guys play worse when you guys get hit hard. You start playing a little slower, start getting a little nervous. And pros do not do that at all. And that's why they can take those very risky peaks that can go bad sometimes. Another great kill from Shark here. I want to show you guys how not very mechanical that he is. He is a very very very mechanical player and very very fast, but you don't really need that to play like he does. He's more like a he's less of a Peterbot type of player. I know a lot of people call him the EU Peterbot, but his gameplay in solos at least that I've come to find is not very like Peterbot where he just does a lot of mechanical quad edits, triple edits, piecing up. It's not a lot of that. There is some of that, but when you watch a player like Shark, it's more like a player like Pooyo where he's just efficient in what he does and not very the most advanced techniques that only Peterbot can really do. So what he does here, sees that this opponent is not building at all, no peace around him. So instead of what most people would do, they would just take out start shooting him. Instead, what he does is he just dodges the shots and then gets peace right in front of him, instantly trapping him in a very bad position. He can only go out the left out this door here. So the the server lag, but he the opponent takes back the wall with the shotgun and he does the exact same thing, but all while playing one box behind because let's say he doesn't take this wall in time when he pumps. when he pump shot it, then maybe the opponent could do like a very very quick edit, especially with how fast these shotguns are. The opponent could have done a counter peak if he if Shark didn't take the wall first try. So, playing from a wall like this is very, very smart. Gets tagged a little bit, but then he runs around, changes his peak, and just doesn't reset this cuz he just runs around and takes a different peak and hits very, very hard using the combat AR or the collateral AR to also get a lot of spray through. And this is where you guys would say, "Oh, this is a bad peak. This is a very bad peak." Like, come on. He's on a left hand. He can't really do anything. But what he does is he actually just waits for the opponent to make a move. And when the opponent blunders, which means making a very bad move, making kind of like a sellout play, like something that you're not really supposed to do in this situation. That's what a blunder is. And he blunders. And then shark all he does is he moves into the peak which gives him a better peak any single time. You guys think right-hand peaks are the only good type of peaks but you will see that peaker's advantage is a very real thing. And basically peer's advantage is anytime you have momentum any into any single peak even if it's on a left hand and you have to wait for more of your character to show for you to be able to shoot them on a left hand. As we all know, even though you're taking that bad peak, if you have more momentum than the other player, then you're going to shoot before them just because of ping. It doesn't really matter what ping you are. It's just called peaker's advantage. Whoever moves into a peak first, let's say you slide, sprint, whatever it is, move into a peak first. The opponent is always going to have to react to you. Even if they're on zero ping and you're on high ping, they're always going to have to react to you making that play before they are able to shoot you. Like they can't see you and then as soon as they see you, you're already shooting them. That's what Peaker's advantage is basically. So yeah, he takes a left-hand peak there and uh just cleans up the kill on the opponent. Very, very simple stuff, guys. It's just about those small little details. like at the very start instead of shooting him directly, he just started piecing around him because he saw that he had no builds around him and then just uses Peaker's advantage at the end. So yeah, very very simple. Not that much crazier, but is a little bit more mechanical. All he does here just spray the opponent he finds and then ignores that other opponent. What he does here is he actually starts looking for tops. The very first thing that Shark does is he's always looking for floors that aren't being placed under the cones. Like these two floors are already placed, so you can't get those. But he's always looking for that. He's going to try to slide a floor in here, but the opponent gets it cuz Shark is Before we get into the next part of the video, and you enjoy it so far, consider using code in the shop to support me even more. can't always get those. But if he did get those, he would probably be on this cone pickaxing on that metal floor up here, if you can see that. But what he does instead, since he doesn't get it, is he lands right in front of him since he knows that the opponent is probably going to try to take a right-hand peak. He shoots his gun, but he also avoids the right hand peak because instead of like let's say in case he edited here uh like a peanut butter for himself, the opponent, he would have pre-fired just in time. But also, he's avoiding the right hand that he can also get here by landing on this tile instead of over here on that tile, which saves him from getting shot here. He notices that the opponent has shotgun delay because he shot this wall or he shot something because he doesn't shoot immediately. He got shotgun delay and he notices that also he has no cone on his box. So obviously shotgun ramp in also holds the wall. Like I said, a lot of people don't do this enough, which is hold ramp and wall when they do this. And then he just maxes him straight to that. So yeah, very not that mechanical, but a little harder than before. Especially the pre-fire timing is what you guys have to get good at because every single time you drop on someone's wall like he does here, you're avoiding the right hand peak that the opponent can do because you're face to face. So the right hands are pretty limited if you land face to face. But you also have to learn to time that pre-fire because if he edited on Shark there, he would have gotten the pre-fire. And he's also 150. So that would have probably been a 200 right then and there. But the opponent takes too long and doesn't make right at it and just doesn't place opponent's box. So yeah, pretty easy kill for this. Next kill is again lurking to get entry tags. He spots his opponent after camping inside the building and then he gets a little entry tag on him. He notices that there's no builds inside of his box. So, he just shotguns it and he places the wall and the cone at the same time, which I don't see a lot of people doing. I often see people doing what he does next, which is place a ramp, but they don't keep the wall because maybe their keybinds affect it. I don't know. But you want to press both piece buttons when you're going for plays like this so you don't lose the wall and you also get the cone inside. You won't always get it, of course, cuz it's obviously cuz it's obviously 50/50 and somewhat ping related. So what he does here is he gets the wall and the cone very very lucky. And then the first thing he does is he actually edits into the wall and then he puts a single edit on the cone or a triple edit actually. So then it flips him and he's stuck inside of it. I'm guessing he didn't want to get him up there. You probably wanted him under so he would catch him and then just hit him, but he catches him on top the wall and he misses. And what he does here is he sits on the corner. He gets tagged here, but he pickaxes the wall and the ramp. So he gets it or he shotguns the wall. So then he gets the ramp inside and then he also places a wall and then he makes the opponent go out. I'm guessing he didn't get the wall this time. Makes the opponent go out and all he does is hold out his shotgun out. Maxes him the train just because he has better weapons to be honest. But yeah, that is a luxury of going to the train. So if you want to be able to do stuff like this, just go land on the train, especially in your first game with the worst players. All right, that is going to end the video for today, guys. Thank you to all the people that watched to the end. And if you made it to the end, just make sure you comment shark. Thank you guys so much for your patience. I know I haven't uploaded in almost two months. It's just been really busy and the replays just haven't been working for no reason. But thankfully, they're back and I can bring you guys weekly videos again. So yeah, comment which pro you guys want next. I love you all. Thank you guys so much for watching to the end. And make sure you guys stay tuned because I am dropping a montage very, very soon. And I'll see y'all boys in the next one. Peace. 

