Python, right? Don't tell me we watched this whole game for the guys to fall down here. All right, Ben Veno viewers, we're are back with another video. This is a video that has never happened before. Uh, a year passed. We're with the homie [ __ ] Harry P. Listen, he made me do this intro. I don't know why. Uh, but we are literally VOD reviewing. He came up to me and he said, "I want to V one of your games for a YouTube channel." So, now we're here. Yeah. So this is this is uh this is what I like to call um I'm farming mats right now. This is not search trading mats and then someone else is trading. Yeah. Wait, who is trading? It's fine. Just lame blood. Let me see who the he might be might be sh tower. What the is doing? Zo's deep. See that's why I like running around getting searched. I thought that was my prime. Look at daddy clicks up here. I'm about to get Oh, wait. I think I traded. Okay. To be honest, I think I already got hella surge. That's why I stopped. Yeah. Look at this. Okay. Okay. Wait. I remember you weren't that good at this. So, go game play. Okay. Cuz some players have ego when they trace. Let me watch this. I was him. I don't know about this one though. But before I was Oh, yeah. And then he kept on doing this dumb. How whack that is. Anybody who actually gives a [ __ ] is pieces of a lot of them like in their actual head. They don't think about it out loud, but a lot of take damn. You need to take damn to get damn. Exactly. But a lot if this guy really wants to be a He put brick ramp over his head. You know that, right? Yeah. You can't see his head. Yeah. So, at this point, I just gave it up till 20 fall cuz my But I think I got a lot of surge. Okay. This was a cell. This was aing cell. I got soap. This timing was so unfortunate, bro. Look at this. Patience. But like but like you saw his head. I was a line of his head and then he went under like a swimming pool like that that I I definitely should have waited. Always has damage. Check the last three kinch dads for the last three finals. I had most about 2,000 damage. So I'm going to say hey. And I don't look at kinch stats. It's clickers putting in the comp. Right now I'm like kind of nervous cuz I feel like they're about to keep my like I'm not using dashes since I don't want to waste it. No, you're out of dashes. No, I'm pretty I think I have dashes. It's just not on replay. I'm way too close if I have no dashes. This gun is hard as for surge. You can't lie. Don't Don't be weird. I'm I I really [ __ ] I mean you you like this? I'm not I mean it's really good for trading. you need to like so like how I have it set up with boxards I'm like okay so I have my teammate with a spire I myself cuz I'm the one trading right so if you have a guy in a position where it's like okay he's not going to trade anyone but he's going to catch his rotate then he needs to have the spire it's obvious like right here like spy would be a lot like here DMR's good but like where you were shooting earlier spy would yeah spy would have cooked that's good the first time Okay, bro. I'm I'm showing my stats after this cuz Vino's making me feel like I'm You have um That always happens. You send the activation. It's It's It's 2.5. It's It's in your head. Space bar. Yeah, it's all in your head, bro. I'm telling you. You need to be careful with your um I learned how you like holding That's what I do now. I hold my space bar. You can't think. probably probably rese Okay, so it was definitely before It's fake. It's three to I like this. I like this a good future. Yeah, this is good. I just hate DMR, bro. End game of DMR sucks. Got fourth balls. Normally I'm watching the but okay so right now there's a brick wall to your left 150 wait what that's just so risky though with these mother staring at me thing is that's and kids behind me too like I'm focused on surge right now that's the kind of the thing where it's like you go do like risk rewards so for example the top kids aren't going to see you for the bottom kids yeah but we also We also needed Surge. We're only three. We're only 300. That's like why waste my time. Serge. Serge definitely over this. Okay, this we sold hard. I got so pissed. This is when like I I was so pissed. I deal, bro. No, it was a fight actually. If Zo doesn't Hold up, bro. If Zo has a Okay, that just pissed me off. That just pissed me off. Wait, will his fur? Yes, that was a mis call. We didn't know. Right. So, these kids need surge, right? You should have way more ms. How much is your cuz you should have more mats cuz you didn't really use anything on the rotate. I I So, I dropped all my m I always make sure this I can't bother a box. [Music] Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I swear we do. Dude, this memories suck. Oh, we kill this kid. No, we don't. You never remember them. No, I remember, dude. Chill. That's my edit. We just sold We have no kills. Yeah. Depends, bro. To some extent. It really depends what type of position. Yeah, we had a we had a good shot for that. But it depends. Usually po's height. I'm not like 43 is better on the 160. That's that pisses me off. I wonder why we actually off this game. 529. No, that's that's a huge mistake. But to be honest, I don't think we were dialed at all. First and second game, we started seeing like after first and second, we got second second. We weren't awake. Yeah, we we didn't know what the we were doing. That's that's that's really what it was cuz right now we're like we're like 10th place. There's literally nothing I could do. Is Bolton on high ground? Is it solo? Oh yeah, he is. [Music] Imagine I had a furry before. Like I probably would have got at least one of those. At least I think this should be a death. Cuz now I just adapt on the left and then maybe cut in a little bit. Hides on right sides. Don't tell me we watched this whole game for you to die to full damage. No, we didn't. Okay, got but this was this was a glitch. I remember this. It wasn't a glitch. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, hear me out. Right now, I think I have two two dashes cuz Higs was in my body. So, right. Look. Does it look like I have two dashes? Yeah, I've won right now. I think I have two dashes cuz I see on their body. So, you just dash once to your SP. Yeah. I'm like, what the [ __ ] And I instantly switched a cape. Like, look what happened. It's not even a shell. This is embarrassing. No, it's a good thing it doesn't look way. No, but I caped. I used a cape and it didn't save me. Yeah, it didn't. It didn't even save me at all. So, I survived. Tried pre-edit. Didn't work. So now, okay, so that probably us now we need a kill. I hate to do that. That's about point, bro. Look. I saw I saw this missed that bad and then Oh, I remember this. This was Thank God I picked this up. This like almost the reason I see this right. I should I should have held it down like too late right there. 100%. I should do that before you right now. coming down and then I got go back cuz it's a pullback, right? And it's pulling back through low ground. So there's no possibility for you to take it unless you have med and you don't have med. Press R. It's crazy. Like they definitely like have it, but like you have dashes, you have that. Like there's no possibility of you taking low ground. They're just going to drop and spray you. There's no chop. No, you just have to go up. That's a chop though. You think? What? They're connected by zipline. No, they're not. The the wall. Uh you think you can chop that? Yeah, 100%. I mean, they are they connected by the underneath build as well. No, they're not. No, that's that's the thing, though, cuz it's fully filling back. I definitely wouldn't see that. Oh, right here. I just do that. At least I cut Either way. It's just too late. It's just too late. I just have to cycle it. Yeah. I mean, as soon as you see when I said the first you guys up, it's just like there's no Yeah. Unless you have Especially with this meta. Yeah. Yeah, like you can put your balls on the table as I like to say. Wow, that was the power hit. It wasn't even on me. Killed him. Surprise. I don't think he actually did that. Yeah. You want to see the This This game was the only We would have got fourth if we didn't do this. I got to show you. This was like a full misread on surge, bro. popped when we thought we were fine. We were 500 below. 500 below. We would have got I think we got fourth or fifth. Wow. So, what do we have a furry this game? We could go We could go when it gets spicy. Oh, was I getting stinky here? We got the pepper pump as well. Hold up. Maybe go back. Let's see if I Let this game. Oh, I remember this. Look at this. Oh, you play gameplay. All right, I hate so this guy didn't Okay, I literally I watched the first cash cup, same play. He doesn't spot you running up the hill. The first cash, same thing, but it was Bucky that time and then you killed them. I think it's their timing, but right here, this is when I didn't know if I [ __ ] this up. So, I see them fighting. In my head, the teammates are going to come. So, I'm going to block the teammates to the right. I'm going to pressure him go up. But I should have just went up and W. No, no, no. It's a right. It's a right. You think cuz look 100% good. But look, we didn't get the kill. Yeah, I know. But I don't know even know if you It took us way too long to like that. That took way too long to kill. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But like that's just like sometimes you just have to say that's just the way it is. You made the right read. Go back 10 seconds. The only the only misread was actually coming. You think? Yeah. Cuz like I don't know. You don't play realistics like that, right? On like the thing with realistics, right? You're applying the pool for your teammates, right? You're controlling you're controlling space for your teammates, right? As soon as these kids force over and dash, all you need to do is you're going to cut space, right? So, let's say you don't go to this kid. If this guy dashes over, first of all, you no, you're going to beam him first of all, and he's going to rush to his boy cuz his boy's dying. And then here, you're just going to spam cones and floors and they can have no space. That's true. There's no space. That is true. Like, watch it like go back. This mother's just he doesn't have he can't run. She's just shooting. I think that's why he should have a dash buff in his base. Yeah. Like if you hold if you if you committed to holding them there, they have a 2v one for another like 15 seconds. Because of that, we Yeah, we give it up. In my other video, like it's like playing is a lot like playing realistics, right? So in realistics, you want to cut one player off from the team, continue to have that fight, and then have your and then punish your the teammates to stop rushing. So right there, you had no punish. Yeah, you just got the damage. And then especially you you didn't even cut the third kid from so far away. I just build up and look at all the kids. And then they dash over, you do damage. We don't do damage. But again, I I also feel like Yamzu should have been where I was. Yeah, sure. The thing is like, okay, the one thing about the one thing about the trio is, bro, like I'm I'm the biggest like I jump in, whatever happens happens player. Zo's very smart. Like Zo's just cautious a little bit. Oh, we Bro, this pissed me off. I tried keying this kept on screaming the box box. And then it's too late. I was so confused. Give it all. It doesn't look like you did that much damage. In that fight, you did nothing. In the first fight, you only did like me. Let me go forward. When you're actually below, we're just dilly down. That's seriously I think you realize I still 62 alive on this zone ball like so many people are going to get damage. Everyone who in in zone is just Yeah, we just got none. And you have no like there's no room to get damage here. Yeah. Okay. Slow down. We actually started. No. No. We We had nothing. I'm trying. We're above now. Now we just got hit. So I get out. And this is when gets freaking two like two. Yo, so this is when I I just we we just freeled it. You saw the kids spawning. Yeah, we we were listening to shots. This kid I should have killed. Look at this. It was a bunch of [ __ ] coming. Oh, of course this happens, bro. Every time I say I Yeah, you missed it. I like the replay more than 522 below right now. We'd be We'd be I I've never survived one of this before other than this game. Sometimes you got to get and then we get max health for [ __ ] We got gold. Uh, okay. I got double double. Oh my, bro. This kid dashed his box, killed him with on his head. 59. And I'm like, make as much space as possible. All we know is you solo close as hard, don't you think? Dual clutch. Dual clutch. No, but like Hig dies like No, we both die or Yeah, we both were like at this point. We knew like first was possible. 40 45. This is the first. So I know we need surge. I knew this is crazy then. Yeah. Like I was thinking about doing that. That's That's literally why I don't do it unless like low ground is so powerful. They're they're [ __ ] low, dude. I hate being low while taking one. Yeah. No, I did it though on this one. This is the final drive. I type. Come on. Okay, I did that. I did that because I saw Higs here. Okay, but yeah. Yeah, that wasn't the fact that we got second this game. They were doing the the right now. I wasn't in register. Wow. How do we get second? Shoot. Look how this is, bro. Yeah. I don't like this point. I'm just playing solo. I don't know what threatening them. They're doing pausing this. Look at this. They're right behind. They're above us. Oh, they're above you. They're above us. No, we did finish. I don't know about this. I would have went in right now and just healed up here like But also timing up here. above me. That's a crazy edit. You can't even lie. That's a hard edit. I just want to clear low. Like I knew we were like, let's see. Are they still Are they still alive? No, they're at that one point underneath. They're still alive. 47. Oh, he is a solo. Yeah. Oh my god, he is right here. I just c I cuz I think something bad about here. I should have just pulled my pump. If I had my pump open, I one pump. I just did a bad [ __ ] They have trouble. So, that was the clutch. And then, bro, you got to see what Higs just Higs just went for the 1 v3. Yeah, bro. That's that. I'll say this. I say right now he should win. Duh. Okay. You can't say that. You can't put that in my head. Can't put that in my head. Team to win. One thing I'll say Poo's nuts. One thing I'll say is is that like I know Yum and Blood are on it. So, I'm going to throw out my early prediction. I'm going to say you're going to win. Your first seven CS. Thanks, bro. I'm not taking I'm not listening to him. That's going out the ear. You can't I can't I can't take that. This might be like a I'm playing I'm playing my game and if it works it works. If it doesn't, it doesn't. It is what it is. All right, we just finished watching Games with Cody. Let me know what you thought about the games and whether we should have him back on again because after this hopefully he's going to be a 1X and joining people like me on 3X. That could be true. Like, subscribe, and comment more videos from Veno that you guys want to see like this. And uh we'll see y'all in the next one. Peace everybody. comic quit vape.