I started coaching Fortnite six years ago, just before the World Cup finals in New York. And in that time, I've worked with thousands and thousands of players, ranging from dozens of FNCS winners, thousands of players getting their first earnings and trying to improve, as well as brand new comp players wanting a head start. However, this next player that I'm going to show you had the fastest improvement I've ever seen in a single hour of Fortnite coaching. They learned so much throughout this 1 hour, as well as completely changed their play style for the better. and I'm going to show you guys exactly what we covered in this session step by step with over 20 different tips and tricks that you can apply to your gameplay. Please leave a like and let's get straight into this with tip number one. You were in complete control that fight. You outdamaged me just quick outdamaged me. You out peaked me. you're doing a good job and you suddenly go from a situation where what was that that was probably like 9010 you win that fight just cuz of the damage you did and how bad of a spot I was in but because you came directly on my wall which is what you did in a couple of those trio games earlier you went directly on the other wall like this I know you're trying to quick dead them but like this is is suddenly I don't know even if the guy in the box is one HP I would always prefer to be the guy in the box if somebody's doing this to me you know just think of how many plays you can do to me and I can't like predict or counter them really What would you recommend? Like if I'm here, then what would you recommend to like do instead? Maybe if you're Well, I just wouldn't be here. You know what I mean? I would be here. Look, suddenly I'm in here. You see, like it's just it's just better. Or maybe I'm here and it's better. Maybe I'm here and it's better and I can take the wall like up here. Um, if I was ever going to get on the wall, I would place a cone so I can't get stared or cone. And I would stand. I would also make sure I shoot the wall on the way over. And then now if you were to do a top right and peak, I just shoot the wall, take it, and then I suddenly cuz you've got pump delay, I just just edit on you. So I come over, I wait for you to edit. The wall's wood so I don't have to do it. As soon as you edit, I can like, you know, take it if I was a better paint, you know. Yeah, cuz you got your shotgun out and not your holding the wall out. That's the only time I would do it. Only time. Never ever get on a wall here. You see here, you can do a top round peak, any peak, window peak, four tile, you can do anything and I'll be in a bad spot. But suddenly, if I just stand on this side of the cone, I'm like sort of protected by the cone naturally. Okay. I wouldn't go up close to the wall like this. That's dumb. I'd be like here. Guide has a top right peak. I'll do it to you real quick. So stand there. Top right peak. Shoot. Take the wall. Yeah. And then look, I've got, you know, I'm looking up there trying to do my edit. I'm not ready. And you can just do a quick edit on me. You can do like an open edit. You can do a, you know, window edit. So many things you can do. And then also with that, then you can get the side piece and I can't go out. You can, there's a lot of stuff you can do from here. Like you can, cuz I'm on this side of the wall. I can do that. I can look over the top. You see? I can look over the top and place the floor cone. Yeah, that's really important. Also, you can look up and place the wall. You can look place the floor cone. You can also, cuz I'm on the cone, you can do one of these jumps sometimes. But let's say let's say we're up a layer and we're on the cone. You see here? Now, I can do one of these jumps and get around the back if the guy is trying to rebox back. You see that? Reox here. So, yeah. Yeah. So, let's say let's say you're in that box there and I spot like you're not editing on me, you're not doing anything. I can suddenly just jump up, grab the doubles, make it awkward for you, and now start approaching from here, shooting the tops, pressuring you, you know? Yeah. just completely changes how you're playing just because you're not you're just doing a little bit of a better setup, you know, I would say is you do a lot of like too fancy stuff if that makes sense. And it's that's because your your mechs are good. I would say there's nothing wrong with your mechs. You shouldn't think that. It's just you're not using your mechs the right way, you know? So, like there's a couple times where you're like doing some like complicated, let's just say the example is like I'm below here and you do, you know, instead of just doing a double edit when I'm not looking and shooting, instead you're doing like a double edit and then you're doing a window and then you're doing like more complicated stuff. You're doing like a drop down and then a piece instead of just the one thing you should focus on is what am I doing? Like am I looking at you? Am I holding my gun out? Am I trying to move to the side and not looking at you? Right. And then also getting damage because that that's the big thing that I'm doing compared to you in these in these so far is I'm just really focused on getting like just shots off and like getting, you know, good shots off. Like I've shot my gun like three or four times more than you just in these couple, you know, these two rounds, you know, just cuz I'm always looking at you and trying to get a shot off. Even even if I'm not hitting all of them, it's not like about the hit rate, it's about the shot rate, you know? Like if you look at I'm doing like a little too much compared to like just getting the kill. Yeah. Like you're doing a bit too much. Like you ever heard the phrase all [ __ ] no [ __ ] right? You're doing that. Okay, let's let's do one more. I'll go. So yeah, nice. You see there? Like that's that's exactly what I'm talking about. That was a mistake by you. You were trying to like go a bit quick, but like I'm just I'm just standing there aiming my gun at you. So even though you hit me a lot, I just have my gun out and it's ready and then nice. I just just like just be careful and stuff like that. Like it's so much better if you're going to do a play that you should do it then, you know, think that way. Like I shouldn't have placed a ramp there probably. Yeah. Like just focus like just make sure am I protected and is the opponent exposed and then do whatever. Like you don't need to like get too fancy with it. That's the reason I died in one of the games earlier. I was trying to get too fancy on a kill that like didn't need to be fancy, you know? Yeah. And then you just see that there. You see what I mean? Like that that could have been a nice kill by you, but you're focused on doing like a window smart peak rather than just doing a peak, you know? a peak. Make sure I'm infected and then do another peak. You see? Yeah. Like I'm not I'm not doing complicated peaks. All I'm doing is cuz that's the exact same situation that you just had and you should have killed me a second ago. I'm doing this. Had you like here and I was over here and you were standing on the stair like that. And instead of just doing that cuz obviously you're just going to place a wall, right? You're going to look up and place wall. I do this. Had a wall protected me here. Shoot and then swing. Do you play Ed on release or off? Uh yeah. Yeah. So with edit release, it's actually I actually think it's better. So, what you would do is make sure cuz you're going to release like you can't like move your crosshair after you've done the edit. Like you can't like start there and then look down like you're going to mess up your edit, you know? So, what you got to do if you build your own out to the side here is start at the top, look down, and then as you're looking down, make sure like your your character's hidden. It's a little bit hard to explain, but um like this like Yeah. And then you have here like do something like this. Have the wall here as well. Yeah. So, you see you see how Yeah. So, you see how you wait? If you start at the top, pound the floor, you start at the top tile down and then move and then easy 200 every time, right? Do it again. Oh my god. Yeah. You place it. It seems like But you're move there. You're swinging a bit too far cuz it's swinging more behind the wall than you need to like the like you just like Yeah, you get behind it and then you just swing back cuz what what you're doing at the moment is you're you're over complicating. So, you're like doing window peaks and doing all sorts. You just need to make sure first of all, not just that you're protected, but your opponent's exposed cuz not everybody like you know if you're going to be hitting like perfect, you know, window shots the whole time. Like here, like you got the got the double on somebody had on me a few times. Just make sure you're doing a good peak and you're standing in a smart location like here. Like just make sure you're doing a good peak. And also make sure it's wide enough so that the opponent is open, you know, so that you can see them. And especially with a pump, like as long as you want to t somebody, you're going to hit 100 plus. So it's it's quite easy. Do you think do you think it's smart? Cuz like I'll usually get someone in a box like say you're my box, right? Then I'll do this. So I'll I'll edit reset and then they'll usually pump it. Is that smart to do or should I just edit? Okay, hold on. Tell tell me the outcomes, the two possible outcomes of that edit, reset. If I do this and then reset, you could take it and then Yeah, you can do that. And then now it's 50/50. And let's say you're low, then that's a bad play. Or even if you're full HP and I'm full HP, it's still a bad play cuz now now like here it's relying on you hitting a shot. And also I'm ready. The thing is with a play is it always rewards who is the one doing the play cuz they have not just Peak's advantage but also like you know like desync advantage as well as they're like they're like I'm ready to place a code like I know do it again. I know when you edit reset I'm going to place something and I'm going to be ready for the end after that you know cuz Yeah. Um so yeah two possible outcomes. Either I pump it and you hold it or I pump it and take it. One of the outcomes is good for you and also one of them is bad. Let's just say it's 50/50. Then 50% of the times you're getting a bailed outcome. What you should do instead, let me show you, is here. You're standing there and I just do a a, you know, smarter peak like that. Maybe even maybe even a 50/50, but I would like hold it and make sure you're not looking at me. So here, you see you're looking to the side a bit, right? Like I can see where you're looking. Um, so I'm standing here. You do a smart edit. So you with this one, if I'm over here, you stand like back there. You see? Stand a bit more to the side and I can't see you and you edit it. No m stand here. So like edit be standing here, you know, see now here because you do it again. You'd be seeing that. Yeah, it blocks me. So this is like suddenly this is a way like if I try pumping you, I'm just going to hit the stair or if I try headshot only thing I can do is like maybe pump your feet or like your lower legs, but nobody's going to be aiming up and then look down to shoot your legs cuz that's just not what people do. So that that outcome there, it suddenly goes from, you know, 50/50, maybe it's a bit more in your favor, like 6040, but it suddenly goes to like 8020, you're in a good angel. And also there's not an option for me to like pump the stair and take it really in this situation. It's not going to happen. And it also guarantees that you get the shot off cuz you're the one doing the play, you know? Make sense? And then if I was standing over here, then you would do it slightly different. You can do it protected. You can do it like jumping. I do like this maybe and then jump. And then you can do it either way. It's good. But like that play suddenly you're going from like a 6040 to like a 9010 that you're going to win it. And that's what I'm talking about. Like if you just start getting more 9010s, 955s, right? when you're fighting, then suddenly you're not losing as many fights, you know, in any mode. Do you recommend like, so if I was here and like say this was your wall, then doing like this like like this strat where you like shoot at it. I've seen a few people do that. It's good in like an end game, you know, where like there's not much space, but like in a mid game fight or like reload or wrecked or whatever, like you're just not going to be doing this. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah, true. It's good. It's good if like you're an end game, everyone's around you, you want to box like somebody. This is like the best peak to do cuz you can't really get edited on. You can sit back here, you can reset if you need to, but like most of the time you're not going to be doing that and it's more of like an open playing field, you know, like like we're on right now. That's that's when it's useful to to know the other setups rather than just doing like a straight on wall. My like my when I usually go for a wall, so like if this is their wall, I'll usually go here. Do you recommend like So I'll usually like pickaxe and then do this and then if I see him make like an edit, I'll do that. You recommend that or like just do it the other way? I would never ever pickaxe a wall unless it's one shot. That's the That's what I would say. Cuz if I'm just running up to it like this and pickaxe, obviously that's terrible, but it's also terrible if I'm just like here and then I pull my pickaxe out and swing like it's such a big like if I pump out, that's like like almost a whole second from swapping over, even holding on my mouse, you know. Another thing that you should learn is I don't know if you've seen it in the mascot, but the pressure cycling video. So I've not So let's say you just got like a load of walls here, for example. pressure cycling instead of just, you know, running up one, two, taking it. The guy can obviously pre-fire you. They can also just do a window edit in the middle and shoot you while you're doing it or a million different things. Instead, what you would do is pump, spray, and then now the walls. You see a big difference between this wall and obviously this metal wall. What's the big difference? Uh, this one's like one, and then this one's full. It's Yeah, it's one. So, no matter what the guy does, whatever air that he does, I can just pump and take it. But not just that, this is very very important for fighting in general is um the wall is now see-through, right? Compared to earlier, like a really really big thing that will just help you get better is just making sure no matter where your opponent is, you can see them so you know where they are. And also so you can see their hands, right? And like why why should you see their hands? Cuz then you can see if they got a pump out, if they got minis out, if they've got a blueprint out. There's also a difference. Quickly, you see the difference here between holding a wall, right? holding a wall like this and then editing. Editing as well as looking when you edit. You see like you can tell what edit what edit am I doing here, right? Like you can you see you can see the edit that I'm doing just by having the wall a bit clearer. If let's go on the other side quick. Come go on the other side of this uh this wood wall. Get it low. So you can see you know I'm doing a four time. Yeah. Yeah. You see I'm doing a window. Windows harder to see. That's why windows normally good. You can see I'm doing a top right and peak. Right. That's that's how pros are able to prefire. It's just cuz they look at what the other guy is doing. Not that in that much detail. There's obviously a bit more like, you know, nuance to it, but if you can see what the other person's doing, you'll have a very very easy time of winning the fight. Make sure you can see me. Don't don't I know you're doing a smart setup, like sitting back, but make sure you're pumping the wall, spraying the wall. Make sure you know where I am. You can't just rely on footsteps cuz suddenly what if you're relying on footsteps and I just crouch and then suddenly I'm over here and I'm doing this and doing some dumb stuff, you know? That's that's what I mean. Like you can't just rely on footsteps when when you're finding somebody, you know? I try and like when I like you see me reset, like I'll do a edit and then reset. I'm trying to like get it to where it's one HP so I can like see through, you know? Yeah. But that only benefits me sitting over here, you know? Yeah. Like if if I'm crouching back here and you're resetting, I know exactly where you are. I know I can just spray through and get a kill like that, you know? Yeah. You see that that it's not it's not a terrible play. Like I know why you're doing it, but like you don't thing is you don't want your opponent to see you in a fight. Like imagine you could fight while being invisible. Like you just be the best fighter, right? Cuz your guy doesn't know where to shoot, doesn't know where to look, right? Imagine just quickly you could play with a back bling that gave you no visual audios. Like you just win every cut surely, right? Cuz you could just sneak on people like you just run out to people and kill cuz there was a there's a cash before you started playing comp ages ago. You know, Mitro um Oh yeah, the uh on EU and he he had a pickaxe that didn't give him footsteps like it was bugged and he literally just walked up to people and just killed them and just won the gash cup from that, right? Like it was the easiest thing ever. So, you need to think like that. Like when you're fighting, you don't want your opponent to see you cuz that makes it easier for them not just to not just to make a play, but to think about the play they want to make, you know? And also, you want to make sure your opponent is vi so I'm visible to you, you know, so you know where I am. If you're if you're visible to me, then I can I can either make the call out that you're right there so we could triple spray or something like that. Like that's what that's what you mean by like making it easier. Well, also for solos as well, like being a bit more selfish as well. Like obviously it's good to fit into trios cuz thing is in trios you never know if there like a guy just crouching in a box like behind a cone or something as well. That's why it's important as well. Um but for like any general mode like it's very very important to know. I mean just any like imagine you could just every fight you had war hacks on your opponent and they couldn't see you like you just never lose a fight even if you're against the best player in the game like it would just be impossible. That's that's what I mean. So like these these plays you're doing where you're setting up in the open and you know you're abusing zero ping. It can work but like there's a skill ceiling that that will work on and you're like approaching that skill ceiling as you play gaunt more you know. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why like pressure cycling that's important. That's also why if you ever low you box up the brick. Nice. That's better. Yeah. Much better there. I'm not joking. I couldn't see you at all because you were doing that peak I was talking a second ago. I literally can see you even though you even though you you exposed at the end. I could not see. I'm like again too much farting, not enough [ __ ] right there. Yeah, you have you have me in the full piece. I have no mats. You just got to do a smart like smart little peak, you know? Smart peak where you know where I am. That's the issue with triple edits. Said like I died cuz I did a triple on with somebody earlier, right? It's literally just cuz you you can't see the person that you're triple eding on cuz you're triple eding through so much stuff and they know exactly where you are. there. Hold on. I'll show you one thing quickly. This is this this might sound really basic. What should you always try to do after shooting? Like what's like the least delayed thing you can do? I shoot you here or like like I did like just there. Yeah, just there. You shot. What should you have done? Build here. Build. Yeah. Shoot. Build. It's It's literally the most simple thing. But if you get in this habit of especially when you're like what do you do for one like free building you know one v one should get in the habit every time you shoot just place a build that would block off your opponent's counter shot cuz that's the whole point of a good peak is like okay let's just say this example here like yeah it might be a good peak and I might not be able to get seen but there there's you see when I swing there's always like a little bit of overswing right like I'm a little bit too far out that scenario is basically unavoidable and if the guy unless you kill the guy in the one shot that you get off first if they're aiming in the correct spot and they have like you a little bit of, you know, brain brain speed where they can shoot back fast enough. You're always going to take 100 damage in return. Sure, you did a good peak. You did everything correct. You got maybe the long piece on somebody. You hit them 100, but they're going to hit you back just because you're peing too much. So, what you should do, shoot, build, and then look, you can shoot again before like they'll they'll shoot into the wall. Maybe it'll break and then maybe you get another kill straight away, but like don't don't shoot reset. A lot of people make the mistake of like shoot and then they're going to pull their build out and then SC. It's just too much cuz it's again there's too much action right there. Yeah, you tried to reset and I mean it was probably a little bit desync cuz I'm on high ping but like that will get you killed in game cuz there's desync in game. Shoot and then also try to preferably place a build that's like you know easy to place. Like don't shoot just here. Like don't shoot and then have to look down to the floor to place a wall you know just shoot and then stare and then you can you know carry on doing the edits whatever. It'll make a big difference. I know it sounds very very I know it sounds really dumb. Like you can't believe you paid to get told to shoot and build, but Oh yeah, it's actually like what I need though. Yeah. Every time I upload one of these private fighting coaching sessions to YouTube, you guys seem to really enjoy it and I get dozens of comments asking how you can get coached onetoone personally by me. So, I'm very happy to announce that I've just opened up a load of new slots for this type of fighting coaching exclusively, as well as I've made it a lot more affordable to you guys looking to sign up. You'll get a full hour of one-to-one coaching from me where I'll give you loads of feedback and fix your most drastic mistakes that you probably don't even realize that you're making. These are what I call your Came things that hold you back that would never actually allow you to release your potential until you remove them from your gameplay. You'll also learn a load of agame skills, really important pro strats that you need to start implementing into your fighting, as well as get a full customized routine for every single session that you'll be able to use going forward to improve your weaknesses. Also, as an added bonus to signing up, you'll be getting the full Masterclass Ultimate Bundle completely for free. This gives you every single Masterclass early access to all of the updates we drop, as well as you'll be getting all of the boot camps that we host for FNCS's and the entirety of 2026, all the boot camps that we host. Then, also to not just learn from me, you'll be getting the full rule book of Fortnite from Blood X, as well as a full coaching catalog from one of my favorite coaches, Sven as well. So, if you're interested in signing up, I'm not going to have many slots open for this because it does take a lot of my time. But if you are interested in getting better at fighting and you're serious about improving, then go click the link below to watch some of the other sessions as well as sign up if you're interested. Nice shot. Nice. So, let's say you hit somebody 100, unless they're terrible, their first thought isn't going to be like, "Oh, I need to pop a mini," you know, cuz that's probably just going to get them killed. Their first thought is let me try to make space or let me try to counter pump like counter shot you know depending on what type of player it is. So, the biggest mistake you can make is when you hit 700 thinking you need to end the fight right then and there. You know, I was reading the art of war, you know, that really old Chinese book, right? And there's literally a whole like section on this exact concept, which is like whenever you've hit somebody to like really low or just got the opening advantage. You shouldn't just like instantly try to push your advantage cuz they're going to be looking to counter like straight away. Like they're going to be looking to do some dumb peak and if you're just like pickaxing or spraying, they can hit you 100 and then suddenly the fight stalemated, right? Cuz you both been hit 100. So even though you might have a small advantage, you've lost like the momentum of the fight. So what you should do when you hit me 100, like you just hit me 100, is make sure you keep doing good peaks and let your opponent make the mistake cuz they they're they're trying to make a mistake. You know, like they're trying to do an insta edit or a dumb 50/50 or whatever. Make let them make the mistake on you and then the kill will just come to you. Like you don't have to do any work. You don't have to do anything fancy. The guy's just going to do some [ __ ] edit and you're going to get a free kill. You know, right there, if you were a bit more ready for me doing a [ __ ] edit again on you, it would have killed me in two bullets. Um, I think that's what I like do a lot is cuz I'll have you like right there. I hit you for a lot. And then I'll do something like this. I'll go to go to the sidewall and then I'll just swing on it. Yeah. And then that just allows me I'll like fake a mini and then just open edit and then just just trade. And the trade it might seem like it's a good trade for you because you can probably kill me. But again, like I said earlier, it's I'm the one doing the edit. I know where you're going to be cuz I see your visuals. You don't see my visuals cuz I'm not moving. I also know where you're going to land. So, I put my crosshair in the correct spot. So, even though it's a 50/50 edit, it's dumb. It favors me because I'm the one doing the 50/50. And even though you've hit me 100, unless you can hit another 100 pump right there, suddenly you'll hit 120. I'm, you know, popped full shield. I popped a chug jug. I've got a blob down. I'm like ready to run away. You know, that's that's the mistake that a lot of people make is trying to think you got to end every fight fast. If you if you go like smooth, right, if you go like smooth and steady, don't make mistakes, you'll just get easier kills. like it might on average take a little bit longer, but versus the better players, you know, the players who like put up a bit of a fight, those players you you'll kill a lot quicker because they're the type of players that look for insta stuff back. They're like smart enough not to just box up and pop a mini. They're like smart enough to look for like space. If if I don't do this insta 50/50, look, I'm just going to go out the back and make space out the back. So, you need to be ready for that. You need to be ready for the space to be made, you know? Yeah. Nice. Nice. Much better. The only thing you did wrong was you did a double edit down. Do you know what telegraphing is? So, I was boxed up real quick. Boxed up real quick. I was boxed up. Instead of just jumping on my wall and spraying it, making it awkward. You see how awkward it is for you to do an edit? Instead, what you did was double edit it down. And that tells me exactly where you are, where where you're coming from. Not just the visuals, but that double edit. Then you place the cone, which is another action that kind of slows you down a little bit. And then you pickaxe. And all four of those actions. So, the double edit is two. That's one. And then another one right there. that tells me exactly what your like play is, you know, and that's that's called telegraphing when you like let the other person know what you're going to do. And it worked out in that case cuz, you know, you caught me off guard the second time. But you want to make sure that you're trying to avoid telegraphing as much as possible. So like instead of instead of placing a stair and then just hopping on it like this, which ain't the worst play, like you can you can place a stair and then hop on it with your pump out and try to catch the other guy, you know, if they do bad at it. But you can also do a couple different things. Like you can you can place a stair and then like wait a second to wait for the edit. So now you do an edit if that like you're expecting me to jump down like everybody would. Now you do an edit on the stair I just placed and then I'm suddenly I'm jumping like that. And no matter where you are in the box, you see I can kill you, you know, cuz I've got peaks advantage and I can see your feet before you can see me sort of thing. So yeah, just just be careful with just letting other people know what you're going to do. Nice shot. I did catch you there with like the drop down which you weren't really ready for but aside from that three like three tile at it is like yeah the it's so like it's so annoying to fight if you start doing it to your friends whatever it's like the most annoying thing. Did you watch the the resub video on the veno like the veno thing? It was like the veno peak where it's like this like that. Yeah, I've been doing that a lot. Been trying to do a lot. That's what Veno does as well. Just quick. So let's say somebody's moving around above you like so let's say you're like up there. What I would do is I see you moving around and I would like catch you and then sit behind a peak like that and you'd fall into me and then wait. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. Just quickly because you do this a lot. Edit resets are like really not the play. I don't see anybody like Do you see any pros doing like a lot of edit resets? I feel like I never see a pro doing it in game. I only see like maybe some German Cooper. Yeah. Cooper like I don't know. I just feel like it's good cuz it's you're like zero ping, but like again all you're doing is just making something lower HP, making it easier to see you, you know? Yeah, it's like a it's like a habit. Yeah, it's just a habit, I guess. I would I would say maybe avoid that cuz again like you're just doing too many actions rather than thinking about like what's a good edit cuz a lot of times you could do a good edit on me and you're edit resetting and also you're not just doing edit reset, you're doing it too fast. I'll try to show you like you're doing you're doing a too fast edit reset. It's not even going to bait me out cuz first of all, my reactions are too slow cuz I'm old. And then secondly, like nobody in game is going to like instantly edit and shoot cuz you're doing a wider. The one time I think edit resets are good is when you do like a really obvious edit and then you reset. So it like looks like you're going to do like a peak cuz you're spending a bit time on it. But when you like just do like a quick, you know, quick edit reset like that. Um, can't really do it, but I it's just not very useful thing. Like you're doing a lot of actions, but not a lot of them are like, you know, getting shots off. As an edit reset, you're never going to get a shot off. is you're doing edit reset and then it becomes a ping battle after the edit reset because he shoots your wall. Yeah, right. Yeah, that's that that's my issue with it is like yeah, they might be good against me in creative or maybe that guy in game, but like it's one of those things where you could have done a smart peak. A smart peak there by the way would just be go on the right wall. Don't even edit that wall cuz it's now you want a wall to be as healthy as possible in that situation so you don't get cut off or like you know edited on. And then you fight the right hand wall, you know. So rather than doing a you know edit reset here, you just you just fight this wall. You just fight over this way and you all play together on a right peak and you get a refresh probably instead of wasting time here. Yeah. Like instead of wasting like cuz you you want this wall healthy cuz first of all you shouldn't be editing this wall cuz it's a left hand peak going that way. You see? Yeah. You should just Yeah. You just want the wall healthy. If he wants to fight that wall then whatever you just fight this wall together, right? Um that's that's a good scenario though cuz that like shows that it can be good. But like normally that's what I thought like there's more normally something more productive you can be doing with your inputs, right? Like you're limited to like certain amount of inputs in game. It it really wasn't worth it. Yeah. I mean maybe the right if let's say the right wall is not open. Maybe they bear earing it. Maybe it could be good to like bait out a shot but like very rarely I edit resets good. The one time they are good is when you've got like a guy full boxed and you want him to waste his shot but then then you would do it like you know differently. You would do like a full tile and then a reset. you like you want to make it more obvious instead of doing a quick edit reset and then you know maybe risking getting pre-fired or whatever. That's maybe like that's mainly when they're low, right? Yeah. Like when you just got a guy like you just got a guy full boxed, you would do an edit reset, but you want to make sure it's an edit that's not too obvious. You do like a right-hand window. Rightand window is the perfect one to do cuz they're not going to be trying to pre- aim over here. They're going to 100% shoot the wall and then you just hold the wall after. So you're safe. You see I'm safely behind it. The guy can't shoot me at all from over there. And then you just hold it and like you guarantee hold the wall guaranteed get a he has shotgun lock. Can't shoot a shotgun and you get a kill. Nice. Much better. Trying to play like more Yeah. Not as quick to get the kill. Yeah. Try not to play like super cautious cuz then you'll like your fights will take ages. But play like a little bit precautious you don't get caught off by like you know doing that's just like the thing where that's where but like setups like just having better setups in general will be good cuz otherwise fights can drag on if you're like playing super cautious especially if you keep doing the same thing over and over. You kind of want like two or three maybe four good plays that you do like in terms of setups in terms of pressuring and you just sort of recycle or cycle between those throughout. Yeah. Like the I feel like the resets get to like a point where like they just starting this like it's like one of my worst game modes. I will say if if something is like you know what I was saying earlier like if you're bad at something just just fix it and you'll improve so much faster than trying to you know trying to like make incremental improvements on something you're already good at. quite hard to do is like a lot of people say like different things like oh well you could fix this and be good and then like I just I start going to like oh well it's probably my settings which it isn't but like I mean it might be but like I I haven't noticed a single I have done a few of these fighting ones where I'm like oh that person needs to swap their vines cuz they they literally like couldn't do a peak properly you know let's do uh like just just cuz they like they physically couldn't like move around a box properly and in that case yeah you need to swap vines but like you're nowhere near that point like your mech are fine. Your aim is fine. It's just you need to like, you know, fix some of the bad things you're doing and then get more not just like more consistent, but more like get like a higher standard of the the the good stuff that you can do cuz you're doing some good stuff, but you're doing a little bit slowly, which ain't the worst in the world, but it's a little bit predictable when you're slow, obviously. Um, press play. So, I'll say one thing I always focus on is just having good movement, you know? Not just like good movement, but like making it hard for my character to get hit. Like always just like always holding it at just like a fraction of a second longer just to make sure I'm not getting pumped under it, you know? Like there you see you see that's just a ratty angle. And the only reason I did that angle was again there. The only reason I did that angle was just cuz I saw where you were and I know if I do that then I'm peak first, right? Any other peak you peak me first and I can maybe trade for equal amount. But that peep specifically cuz I spent a bit of time holding it and like thinking, you know, I get like a better outcome from it. What one thing I will say I'm trying or I noticed that I'm doing it's not like necessary, you know, mistake. It's just I'm just shooting my gun more and I'm also reloading more than you. And that the thing is with that is shooting your gun very very rarely is there a bad moment to not to not be uh shooting your gun. Do you know what I mean? Like very rarely is it like a mistake to not sometimes your AR could be a mistake but like you know so often it'll be a mistake to pickaxe but it won't be a mistake to just pump your pump the other guy's wall. You know that was happen a lot in like season one of this chapter and I'm like why are they shooting at the walls? Yeah that's cuz it's pumped. Even if you don't think you can hit somebody just shooting is just it's just good you know. Well played because first of all it damages the wall so you can see them better. Secondly, if they do edit or open or do whatever, you can get some damage. And then also, it's like a psychological thing where someone just keeps like pumping over and over, you know, and also being on top of their reload, so they're not just wasting ammo. As long as they're like productive pumps, you know, like the other guy, it makes the other guy like afraid to edit, you know, you're like pumping so much. Yeah, cuz like they're like, "Oh, what edit can I do?" They're like then they'll start being like they'll they'll they'll alter their play style to like do super smart peaks where they're not good at them, right? And they're not like risking anything. Yeah. Yeah. And then they're playing like smarter, but yeah, they're playing smarter, but like yeah, they were like not as confident and it just plays into your strengths as a as a player. For most people, changing binds won't like change anything in the short term. It would obviously in the long term probably help you, but it's so much easier to just learn a couple new like, you know, setups, angles, peaks, and implement those. as well as not just that, but like if you were to just take away some like sort of bad stuff, you know, like not good stuff, that would have a way way way bigger impact than changing vines or whatever, then you're like not doing bad peaks and stuff. Yeah. Like it you Okay, let's say like at the moment you're doing 50% bad, 50% good, maybe like 6040, right? If you just changed 10% for the better, that would obviously help, but then you're sort of you're still doing bad stuff like four times out of 10 sort of thing, you know? So, it wouldn't help like if you change then it it wouldn't help anyways is what you're saying. Yeah. It's much much better to to remove other stuff than, you know, it's definitely not your mechanic or anything like that. It's literally just how you're how you're like thinking about fights. I would say one thing that might be useful is watching back fights and like watching, you know, why did I take damage? Why did I uh, you know, why did I not win this fight? Why did I not just, but why did the fight take too long, you know? Why did kill him here and stuff? Like I should have killed him there. Like Yeah. Now I'm having a hard time actually like seeing you, which is like exactly Oh, yeah. And now I'm having a hard time like actually seeing you as we fight, which is like exactly what you want, you know? Exactly. Oh, like the peaks or feel like they're Yeah, the peaks as well as just like you're just being a bit more like considerate, you know, like just thinking, is this a good peak? Is this a good edit? Is this a good, you know, not even that, but just like the build the build actions you're doing, right? Like the big part of the game is like what build actions you're doing and then how you move in between the ones that you're selecting and stuff like that, you know? So, these guys are full. Crack one. Yeah. First thing, as soon as you ever crack somebody in trios, you you just ignore them cuz that guy's going to block someone here obviously, right? He's not going to keep fighting. So then your goal is literally as soon as you crack one should be try to quick one of the others who's four like this guy. You see this guy? He comes up. You let him up, which is probably a mistake. But there you're trying to jump on him rather than peace, right? cuz like if you just get a bit of pe the thing is with peace in trios is like if you actually get it and let's say you get a guy like in your doubles or something like it's so it's so much better in trios compared to solos cuz then your teammate can come and help you know so here you see you know it's like he's just full cranking up your goal should just be get up like here don't sprint towards him get this wall then get doubles on him and then you'd have him full boxed and also your teammate would be hopefully you know this guy he'd be here you see your teammate would be like there helping and then you'd be piecing at the top and then you'd get a free not instead you just give this guy height which should be unfortunate. And then now teammate gets packed in now. Like I don't know. It's kind This is the thing with tri. It's kind of just ramps at this point just cuz literally it's obviously not your fault cuz your teammate died first, but like just cuz you didn't do that little bit of peace and maintain height. Now this whole trio fights like on the back foot. You know, there's three there's three main roles. It doesn't depend on what like your regular roles are like fo support. There's three main sort of fighting roles and you can sort of have two of them on a team or isn't it's not like a set like guide but so one one would be lurker. So that's someone who like goes around the back, lurks, whatever goes for like sneak plays, crouch plays, not always, but like that's like a general thing they would do. They'd also normally be the one who like goes at the back of boxes if you're pinching somebody and they're in a box. So that would normally be not not based on any role but like whoever's like the best at that type of play style. Whoever's like the sneakiest and the best at like getting a quick dead from sneaking. Yeah. Then the second one is second role is support. So that's quite simple like just put your worst fighter at support, right? Yeah, it's it's not it's not the craziest role, but that guy is like his role is to like spray, help the others, you know, be aware of the other guys, like make sure they're safe, make sure they're blocking angles, make sure like if they if you're box fighting a team, that would be the guy going from above, like just getting doubles, sitting back, you know. So that's the support player. So the lurker support, doesn't matter if that's person's a regular support. And then the final guy would be like the the aggro sort of fraggery type get like try to like open a fight type player, you know? Yeah. Um, so if you watch any like pro trio and just watch how they fight, they'll normally fall into one of those categories. So Pete, just Pete, cold, ritual. Ritual will be the support. Obviously doesn't mean he's a bad fighter. That's just he's better at support than the other two. Cold would be like the lurker going from the back sort of normally. And Pete would be like the main fragger type. He'd like getting on walls, you know, trying to get an intro kill sort of thing. Like he's normally like the guy he's doing risky plays, but like the risk is worth it cuz he can get opening knock and you know. Yeah. That was that was so bad. Okay, let's let's do one final one. This is that I'm not going to lie, I think this might be the the the quickest I've noticed an improvement from like an hour of fighting coach now. Also, I've done a lot I've done like 100 plus of these. More than that, like, you know, I've been doing these in like like five years maybe. No, that was so 

