If you are under the level of a pro player, I can absolutely guarantee that this video is going to change the way you fight forever. And the only thing that you need to do is put your phone away, put all other distractions away, and actually for once in your life, pay attention to the entire video, and you will see a drastic change in your fighting ability. Take a look. That was a really good counter shot. And hopefully you see why he just shot. You know, at first glance you're like, "Oh, it's because he pickaxe." Like that's hard. That's harder to predict. The shot is a full guaranteed. You have a window of time that you can get a counter off delay. He has huge delay. He can't shoot you back. We're good. That's the main reason why you should counter shot there. And you did it. You can edit. So this this is hard to do timing wise, but there is an idea here where you can edit before he chose he chooses to drop. And you can see the footprint. So he's ether he's either probably going to drop on one of these two and you edit before you can shoot his legs before he sees you. However, he does have peaker's advantage, so be careful. But I do believe you can hit his leg before he sees you and shoot reset. When someone's attacking your wall, there are three plays you can make. Counterot, which is basically editing back on them, holding the wall, reboxing. This option sucks. And I'll tell you why. There's two outcomes. You get the wall, they get the wall. This doesn't do anything for you. Mhm. This usually means you get damaged. People will be like, "Oh, yeah, but I have cone flip." Cone cone flip means it's weak. It'll catch the shotgun shot. And good players will replace cone right then and there or pump AR. You're guaranteed taking damage when this happens. This one is neutral. So, this is negative. This is neutral. There are times and scenarios where this is the only thing you can do. There are times and scenarios where you want to manage your mats where you might consider doing this. Just understand that this is way safer. And if you have the mats that you do 500 plus, you should do the rebox earlier to avoid taking damage. And as we understand in fights, HP advantage is quite literally everything. It's very very important thing in the fight. And so I don't want to lose HP for free and be on the back foot because then to win the fight, not only do you have to equalize, so like you have to do damage back or heal, which is hard enough as a task as it is to get back to even, then you have to win the fight. Like you like it's such a big struggle to get back in the fight from that point on. So in my opinion, do your absolute best to not lose the first trade. Two things about editing that you should know. Edit type, which is like what shape do you make on your edit? Edit timing. Back in the day, I used to think this was the most important. Nowadays, I think this is more important. Like, you can make a peanut butter to counter someone who's holding their shotgun out, but have you considered they can shock on your wall, you know? Yeah. So, like there are plays at higher levels that edit type doesn't really matter. And honestly, I I want people to figure out what are the windows of time, the correct edit timing that allows you to get a shot off where they cannot do anything about it. For example, shotgun cooldown. Someone pumps your wall on their approach and you have a free shot. Yeah. Another example, pickaxe timing. Another example, shoot their feet when they're falling. Another example, edit timing, which is like shotgun pull out time. You, this is your box. This is bird's eye view. This is their wall as they're coming in. You edit before he does, which means your gun will be out before he does, and you can shoot reset faster than he can. This, in my opinion, is what most people lack. A lot of people by now when they play Fortnite, they understand like, oh, peanut butter is good. this edit is good because I can see their legs, they can't see me. They understand these things. They understand those edit types and which ones are good. And they even do them decently well. Sure, they could improve, but this is what's largely missing for most people. You get a free shot. He's mantling, which you shouldn't do. Yeah, he ate the fish. Yeah, it's good that you backed off because you understand right here, right? If their wall is here Yeah. you cannot be on this tile. Yeah. Yeah. They control. Yeah. Um, you told me that last last session. Yes. Like someone owns a box. Don't stand here, here, here, or here. That's where you're That's how that's the safest closest place you can be is on the diagonal. This is good. You went right to find the right hand. When this happens, I want you to understand like this is not a good spot for you. Yes. But do you agree that he has the advantage? I agree. 100%. Why does he have the advantage? peakers advantage and he's moving clockwise. Yeah. So, right hand and peekers. Yeah. Mhm. Now, he doesn't wall for some reason. God knows why. So, he just dies. But you see how he got the first shot off. He missed and didn't wall. But if he misses and gets the wall off, he's literally completely safe. Yeah. Just like that. Yeah. That's what I was looking for. Good. I don't think this is a good edit timing. This is really advanced, this one right here. But trying to edit after a failed wall take by the enemy is not a good idea. I'll tell you why. Think about the actions that the enemy is trying to do. What is their intention when they're trying to take your wall, shoot you with your with their shotgun. Yeah. I mean, I kind of gave it away. I kind of worded it bad. They're trying to take your wall, right? Like they're they're obviously trying to take your wall, but then after that, that's your important part, right? is they're trying to shoot you after they successfully take your take your wall. And most people in Fortnite after they attempt to take your wall, they still do all the actions after cuz they don't know whether they got your wall or not. So, let's look at a failed wall take. It's going to be um break wall, place wall, edit, shock or shotgun edit or edit shotgun. Doesn't matter, but usually shotgun edit, right? Cuz you'd rather do this. Okay, successful. It's the same thing. Yeah. And so when you counterot after a failed wall take, right? Don't have their shotgun out either. Exactly. So you're going to get hit. So this is a bad counterot timing. So this very similar to how there's good edit timings on walls. I mean it's the same thing, right? You don't want to count a bad timing for counter shots is after a failed wall take. So would you say this would be different say if it was a failed wall take with their shotgun. That's right. Shotgun replace. H. Yes. Correct. Then you had it. Yeah. If, now this is very important, if you're not low enough to die to AR. So if you're one HP or less than 20 HP or less than 40 HP, editing after uh a shotgun wall take, failed shotgun wall take is still bad because you'll die to air. So how do you fix this? Usually the solution is uh the correct timing is usually 0.5 seconds to 1 second before this happened, right? So I say if I look at this example at it now, especially here's a good counter timing, right? When someone's trying to AR your wall and approaching, what gun do they have? Yes. And you're not low enough to die to AR. You're 100 HP. You need to edit now. Your gun needs to be ready by the time his he comes in the picture. So, how do you get into the habit of editing? Well, a really good experiment that a lot of people can do is to go into creative 1v ones and just edit 1 second earlier than you normally would have. And I'm not saying that's actually the right time to do it all the time, but you will run into a lot of right times by doing that. And then you can filter then like just from experiencing that, just from feeling that, just doing that experiment will show you how much of an effect it has on your counter shots and how successful it'll be. I like I guarantee you it'll be better than what most people do nowadays. [Music] Counter shots work especially well when you don't give what I call pre-indicators. What are pre-indicators? Well, I mean, it kind of says in the name before editing. Yes. Signs that you're about to edit. Okay. What are what are some examples? Swinging to the left, like you said. Now, this is sometimes useful, right? If someone's like staring at you with a shotgun or something, right? Like, this is sometimes useful, but it is still an indicator. Resetting a cone before editing, double edits or pre-indicators. People double edit up cone floor. When you edit your floor, people can clearly see that the floor is edited, which also means that the cone is coming. Double edits are slower, fundamentally true, slower than single edits. Why? Because you have to do two of them, right? And because that's the case, it gives away your intent. And you don't want that when you're fighting. How do you make sure that this cone reset doesn't give away your intent? Reset the cone, wait half a second, fake a mini if you want, and then edit on it. Don't do reset edit right away. Like, it's not like some crazy highle advanced thing, right? You're just feeding them ideas. So, this is another thing. When you fail an edit, a lot of people fail the edit and try again. But you have to understand your opponent saw the failed edit, which is a pre-indicator. Yeah. So, you don't want to try again. So, a couple things. When you place this stair this early, it gives away what your intent is, just to go up. Now, you could place it early and then go right. Or what I do, and a lot of pros will do this too, is you purposely place the stair late to delay when he sees it because you don't want to show that you're coming here. But me personally, I like I like placing this and going right. Whenever someone owns an edit on you, the only time you should genuinely crosshair back is if if you don't have a play that blocks. Here you It was a hard stare at it to block. It is possible, but it's very difficult. So, fair enough. But this one, you can backwards stair. Yeah, you should always decline it. Why? Because he has an angle or an opportunity to edit this and right hand peek you. So, you can't hold crosshair against this. Notice how even if you hold crosshair against him, look, you can literally see it. You can't hit him. Fair. Yeah, cuz he does a right hand. [Music] Crosshair placement. Mhm. You know, he's generally in this area. Where should we cross place? Here. More. Yeah. More to the left. More to the left, but above him. Why? Cuz you're falling. You're falling. Yeah. It's really easy to hit shots if all you have to do is time and left click. If you have to left click while moving your mouse, that's hard. That's true. That's true. And you might think like, "Oh, I should be able to do that." Agreed. But go watch pros, they often set themselves up to just click. And something to be careful of. Even though he is not this, you see the wall in the middle. In the bow. Yeah, it's closed, right? Mhm. You still can't be here. You're not allowed. Yeah, cuz you can double ed it and your block is a cone flip. Like it's awkward. Yeah. You know, I personally would just if you're trying you're trying to fight on the long side of a 2x1, you stay on the top layer. You put a floor here and you fight this here from upper level. If you drop on the bottom level, he just double edits on you if if he wants to, but he totally can. Yeah. Okay. So, let's talk about let's talk about edit timing here. So, what's the correct time to edit here? It's not after first pickaxe. Why? Before. Yes, it's before. And specifically before because if you do it after, there are two outcomes. Okay. Pickaxe. Pickaxe. And that's why people do it. They think they're double swinging. Pickaxe, shotgun, weight, pickaxe. That's the other option. Yeah. You lose to this, you win to this. Why 50/50? It's probably better if you're gonna counterot after first pickaxe to peak it. But better than both better than all of that is to counterot here and slightly before like what I mean is as he's dropping down that but sometimes they drop down with shotgun so be careful. Yeah, he's aring now. Edit now. [Music] While you're editing you can see who pulled out their shotgun first. Now you have to give the enemy some leeway because of ping. So if you see that you pulled out your shotgun at the same time as him, the truth is he pulled out first because of the delay. Like what you see on the screen is not that actually same reason for peakers, right? So if you pulled out clearly by a good enough margin before he did, you can shoot reset. And sometimes what that's good like if you edit see that you pulled out at the same time just reset. You could you could change your decision midway. Like this is a really important thing that a lot of Fortnite players get wrong and a lot of other people in general who compete in video games get wrong. Sports too. This is just pure sports psychology. Okay. Stop making plays that are preddecided in large chunks. So what I mean is it's wrong to edit, shoot, reset here. The correct thing is edit, observe, decide, and then it branches out into two different three or three different decisions based on what's happening. And then you can decide what your next decision is. And people are like, "There's no way you're doing it that fast." People are doing it that fast. I guarantee it. 