Yo, what is up guys? I recently figured out how to improve so fast at Fortnite that it feels like cheating. You know the feeling when you hop on for a tournament and things don't quite go to plan because you feel like you're washed? Well, today we are going to change that. Now, many players neglect aspects during their practice and therefore are practicing inefficiently. So, in this video I'm going to cover how you can spend just 20% of your time practicing and still see 100% of your results. If you find this video helpful, please make sure to like and subscribe. Let's get straight into it. Section one of today's video is going to be about your mindset and mentality because I feel this is often neglected in tips and tricks videos. Now, I want to cover this and before you click off, please remember that if you're in that mindset to just click off, you simply aren't going to improve as fast as others. So, give that a thought when thinking about watching today's video. Now, when looking at your mentality, there are three main aspects that you need to master. These being mastering confidence, controlling your emotions, and thinking clearly under pressure. So, let's start break down each aspect one by one. So, let's start off with aspect one, mastering confidence. Now, confidence can often be what is a defining factor when looking at players skill within Fortnite. Take an FNCS Grand Finals lobby for example on NA Central. Peterbot goes into the lobby the most confident player and this is cuz he feels he has the most aura because in his mind he is the best in the world. Now, is he correct? Yes, most likely. But this has come through only months of confident and consistent plays like dominating Grimgate off spawn in chapter 5 season 2 and also winning every game in the Duro Cash Cup finals. Over time, he's built up this confidence through himself because of his own ability, allowing himself to be super confident when he goes into a lobby and feel like he's going to win every fighting game. Now, what I'm saying to you is that you need to up your confidence levels. Now, at the start, confidence can't just be spawned in. It has to be built over time. If it helps at the beginning, take confidence as a facade. And every time you go into a fight or an endame, effectively just fake confidence. Convince yourself you're there to win the fight or the game. And over time, you will start to believe this and it will become reality and you will become a more confident player as a whole. It's important to say though, faking confidence isn't going to turn you into Peterbot. You have to practice. But we will cover that later on in today's video. Now, aspect two is all going to be about controlling your emotions. Now, when I talk about this, I mean your ability to not tilt or not crash out. I know people in the Discord community. by the way, Discord community link in the description. If you do want to join and become a member, I'd greatly appreciate it. Who have broken monitors, etc. And the thing is, this is just their mentality, and it's actually the reason that many of you aren't improving because of your poor mindset and lack of ability to control your mind. Now, I just want to put things into perspective. Yes, dying in certain games can be frustrated, and it's okay to be annoyed because that's natural, but realistically, it's how you respond and deal with being annoyed that is the most important factor. You see, channeling your frustration and anger into the next game in a negative way will just lead to a run of spawn deaths and continued tilt, which let's face it, we've all had in tournaments. But if you can convert this anger into motivation and are able to stay calm, you can bounce back immediately with a good game. Now, my advice to you to help convert this is that it's okay to be frustrated and annoyed in the moments after your death or when you're just waiting in the lobby, for example. But once you enter that loading screen and enter into a new game, that frustration is stopped and the slate is wiped clean and you are now playing a new game where you forget about what could have happened in the last game. By doing this, you allow yourself to think about what's in the future instead of what's in the past because you cannot change the past. Aspect three is about the ability to think clearly under pressure. Now, top professionals are much better at performing under pressure because they have years of experience performing at the highest levels. And many of you say, "Well, this is unfair because they get to practice all the time." But actually, they had to start out exactly where me and you are. And that's why we never see pros, for example, perform that well in their first grands because the more experienced players that have played many grand finals before tend to dominate. And players that are coming into it for the first time tend to be a bit more scared and therefore the decision-m isn't as good as it could be. Now, the only way you can practice this is through gaining more experience. Of the three aspects I've mentioned, in my opinion, this is the hardest to master. You can try by playing scrims in every tournament you can as this allows you to gain experience playing against other talented competitive players when there are things on the line. For example, rewards in a skinny cup or it could be money for example. But what's important to know is that the ability to think clearly under pressure is something that will take time and only come over years. But if you can nail it, it can really boost your placements exponentially. Onto section two. Now, I'm going to cover how to practice correctly. Because knowing how to practice when you have 1 or four or even 8 hours a day can feel impossible as no one really breaks it down properly, which is exactly why I'm going to break it down properly for you in this section, depending on the amount of time that you can dedicate to the game per day. So, starting off with 1 hour per day. Now, 1 hour is not much time to practice. So, you have to be doing something effective every moment that you're online. Now, my advice with 1 hour is to split it into two sections. that being mechanics practice and in-game practice. Now, when I talk about mechanics, I mean your aim, edits, and piece control, etc. And how you know what to train is whatever you feel your weak point is. For me personally, it's my aim, but this differs player to player. Now, both can be trained at once, your aim, and your mechanics. I mean, in maps like headshot only box fights, where you're allowed to only hit headshots, so obviously it's 200 pumps only, and you can also use peace control and stuff to box up your opponent, allowing you to practice both at once. Now, if you've done what I would suggest is 20 minutes of mechanics practice in maps like cedar only box fights, that leaves 40 minutes for in-game practice. Now, 40 minutes is enough time for two games of Fortnite. And in my opinion, my advice would be play reload ranked. This is because there are so many more fights in reload than in a regular game of Fortnite. So therefore, you're getting more reps, for example, of fighting practice in the value of the time that you are online. Now, I would also W key these games for optimum practice and try and drop as many elims as you can so you get as much fighting practice as you can for the time that you're online. Just a short side note, I've recently dropped a reload ranked video on how to rank up. So, that'll be on the end screen and I have many videos about the solo series reload equip cups and duo div cups coming in the next few weeks. So, make sure you're subscribed ready for that. So, now moving on to 4 hours a day. You can do a lot more as tournaments in Fortnite are up to 3 hours, meaning you can play tournaments for practice as well. Now, due to this, I'm going to split this up into two sections, both for 4 hours per day. That's going to be your practice that you should do on a tournament day and your practice that you should do on a non-ournament day. So, let's start off with tournament day practice. So, let's say you're playing the duo div cups or the new solo series cups that are coming out in the next 2 weeks time. These are both 3 hours in length and the majority of your time online will be spent in these tournaments. Now, they allow you to gain extremely high level competitive experience, which is so valuable to your improvement. As well as this, you can see your placements going up by week by week, which can add a huge sense of motivation if things are going correctly. However, if the Tory is three hours, that still leaves you one hour remaining for else stuff. Now, what I would recommend is that I wouldn't recommend you go in and do more in-game practice as you already get a sufficient amount of this from the tournament. So, instead, I would split the remaining hour up into three sections. For example, I would do 20 minutes of aim training in maps like Raiders V5 aim map or 200 only box fights. 20 minutes of mechanics training in maps like Raiders V5 or the aimedit peace control map and 20 minutes of 1v one practice in creative maps like Rison's 1v1s. What this allows you to do is cover the three main aspects of your mechanics whilst also getting your in-game practice that you would have got through playing the 3-hour long tournament. As for the 4hour practice routine at non-torry days, I would recommend spending 1 hour in ranked reload. This is because it allows you to get lots of fighting skill and experience. For example, 1 hour practicing scrims. These could be noble scrims on a U or manu scrims on NA as it allows you to gain experience in Tory realistic games against players that are taking the game seriously. 1 hour of aim and mechanics practice using the maps I've just covered. And then the final hour, obviously you've done three of in-game and fighting practice. I would recommend doing a hour of reviewing. Now, this does depend on your level of discipline and commitment cuz many people will just skip this step. But what I would recommend is that you review your deaths and identify your mistakes and note them down so that you don't make them again in the future. Now, when talking about eight hours a day, there's a few key things that I want to say. Starting off, I would just double what I just said for the 4 hours, depending on whether it's a Tory or non- tournament day, as that's really effective and I think it would work best. However, what I would like you guys to think about is that whether grinding for eight solid hours per day is sensible, as it could lead to burnout and a lack of motivation. Remember, there's no good if you just grind for 8 to 10 hours for 3 weeks, for example. It's about grinding for three to four hours because this is most optimal for months and months on end if you really want to see peak improvement and therefore up your placements over time. For the last section of today's video, I want to talk about getting yourself into a grinding friend group. Now, the reason for this is because you trying to grind for hours on your own every day must be really, really tough and it's hard to stay motivated. So if you can get into a friend group which then grinds with you, this could allow you to improve as a player and your whole group improve at a much faster rate. If you interview any pros and you find out why they got better, often it's because they started getting into really highle friend groups and practicing with them and that's when they score their own skill level accelerate very very quickly. Now, I do have a Discord server link in the description where you can head to the looking to team section and find lots of other players grinding to get better. And this will allow you to create a friend group or a group of players that really want to see you and improve themselves. If you found this video helpful, click this video on screen to learn how you can rank up fast in Fortnite Reload this season. Thanks for watching. Peace out for me. 