If you want to improve at Fortnite so fast that it feels illegal, then there's nine fundamentals you need to know. And if you understand all nine, you'll be guaranteed to improve a lot faster and potentially make thousands from playing Fortnite. Fundamental one is to stop caring about looking cool. Tons of people make the mistake of wanting to look too flashy and just overbuild. Now, this is technically okay, but it's only okay if you follow one crucial step, which is to build a reactive play style, which basically means to play off of your enemy instead of overbuilding and randomly edit coursing, which will make it so the enemy plays off you, but you want to be the one doing moves based on what your enemy does. It's by far the best play style, and it's very hard to combat. To build an effective reactive play style, you want to do two things. The first is to constantly stay aware of your opponent. You pretty much want to know where they are at all times and then you can do moves based on what they do. Your goal is just to combat everything they do and then when they make a big mistake, you can take advantage of that. Although you might be able to get away with overbuilding against someone worse than you in creative if you go into competitive with this play style, you won't get very far. So try to build a reactive play style. It's a lot harder for the enemy to win the fight if every move you do just combat theirs. Here's an example of something you would do in a reactive play style. Let's say the enemy goes out of his box to the right. To combat this, you could pre-piece the right to try and full box them. But in order to improve as fast as possible and in order to reach your full potential, you need to follow fundamental two, which is doing what's right, not what's fun. Let's say there's two people that both want to go pro. Player one spends 5 hours following an optimal routine, doing an aim warm-up, headshot box fights, 1v ones with good players, scrims, and vaude reviewing. Whereas player two plays for 8 hours but does an unoptimal routine and plays something like zone wars with their friends that aren't even on their same skill level. You might think that player two will improve more than player one because he played for longer. But this is completely wrong. Even though player one played for 5 hours because he followed a routine that focuses on his weaknesses and played against good players, he'll improve a lot faster than player two. You see the difference here? Player one focused on what he needed to work on rather than what he found fun. And if you're looking to make it far playing Fortnite, you need to do the same and start working on what you need to improve and doing what's right rather than doing what's fun. And there is a way to get good quality practice whilst making it fun. One of the ways to do this is by following fundamental free, getting into a good friend group. Just like in business, having a good network of people around you and having people around you that are grinding towards the same goal as you will help you make it a lot further in your career than if you surrounded yourself with people that don't want the same things as you. It's the same if you want to succeed in Fortnite. If you have a good group of friends that are in a similar position to you, as in skill-wise, and they want the same things as you, you'll start to notice two things in your improvement journey. The first one being that you end up playing a lot more as you're surrounded with people that want to grind and this makes you want to grind too. You'll also start to notice that you're more motivated and that you're improving faster. This is because if you're around people in the same skill level as you, you're a lot more likely to not be able to get away with them stupid plays you can if you play against someone worse than you. And if you can't get away with them in creative, you won't make the move in tournaments either. There's one key trait that I see in every single person that makes it far in Fortnite, and this is fundamental four. Wanting to be challenged. The thing with pros that makes them so good at the game is that they want their practice to be difficult. They don't want to one v one bad players, and they don't want to play in pretty much anything unless it's good practice. And if you're wondering why you should want to be challenged, it comes down to one key factor. Getting put through challenges is the best way to improve. And getting punished for your mistakes, which will happen if you want to be challenged against good players, is the best way to learn and improve. Also, wanting to be challenged will make it fun to go up against good players, even if you're losing, because you should want to 1v one that player and try your hardest to turn it around and win. Wanting to be challenged helps me improve so much. I genuinely barely lose a 1 v one and it's because I like being challenged because it makes me actually try. If I know I can win against someone, I just don't try. Even if I try to try, I lit I I just can't. I just end up edit coursing and going for clips. But if I wanted to make thousands of dollars playing off this game, I would really start wanting to go against the best players possible and wanting to be challenged. Fundamental five is fixing mistakes. It's all good if you know what you need to improve on and know what your mistakes are, but in reality, just knowing this isn't going to help you improve. You need to figure out how you can take action to improve your mistakes. Let's say you realize you keep on dying on rotates. That means your rotates are probably a weakness of yours. And it's great that you know that. That's the first step. But in order to improve faster, you need to practice your rotates and figure out what mistakes you're making on your rotates. Like playing scrims and then after the scrim game watching back your rotates to see where you could have improved if you got beamed on a rotate, for example, could you have built more or could you have rotated a different way to avoid more people? I have a list of common mistakes inside of a VOD review guide inside my Discord, the Pro Reality. Not going to talk about it much though. I just have a bunch of other routines and info in there to help you improve faster. I've already helped thousands of people. Some people have even got their first earnings thanks to the Discord. And if you want to join, then there's a link in the description. But for now, let's move on to the next fundamental, fundamental six, which is knowing that your shotgun is a superpower. A lot of people don't realize the importance of shotguns in fights. With just one shot, you can instantly kill somebody or get them one shot. And if you use your shotgun right, then it will turn your fights around in seconds. So, let me give you two ways to use shotguns properly in fights. The first is pre-fires, where you try to predict and pre-fire the enemy as they do something like pickaxing on your wall. And a big mistake a lot of people make is trying to heal rather than getting counter damage by pre-firing. But sometimes the only way to stop the enemy pressuring you is to hit a big pump by pre-firing them. Another trick is to keep your crosshair on the enemy's head whilst you're healing. Then if they pull their pickaxe out to go and swing on your wall, all you have to do is pull your pump out and shoot to hit a pre-fire and turn around a fight almost instantly. Another way to use shotguns in fights is to simply hold your shotgun out. Like if you drop on a wall, drop on the wall with your pump instead of your pickaxe. And half of the time they'll probably insta edit on you. So you can just shoot them or maybe even kill them if they're pretty weak. Obviously to be able to use your shotgun as a superpower, you need to have good shotgun aim. And not just being able to hit every shot, but being able to do big damage numbers and hit max damage shotgun shots. The best way to improve at hitting max damage shotgun shots is headshot box fights. Just do this for 10 minutes a day and it will improve your shotgun head shot so much. I also have a shotgun Kovac routine in the Pro reality if you want to use that which like I said earlier is linked in the description. I just want to remind you of fundamental seven which is consistency. Because although you can follow all the advice in this video and any Fortnite improvement video there is, it will barely do anything if you don't stay consistent. And if you can't stay consistent for 8 hours a day, then just lower the amount of time you play daily. But just like anything else, if you want to make Fortnite your career or just get really good at the game, then you need to put in the work. I genuinely think anyone watching this video can go pro if you just follow some of the advice I share and you just put in the work, put in the effort. And this leads us nicely on to fundamental eight, which is actually putting in the work. You need to want to improve. You need to get good quality practice. You need to put in lots of repetitions. You need to learn from your mistakes and you need to put in the work. If you don't put in all your effort, you might get good at the game, but you'll never be great and you'll never reach the top of competitive. In fact, you probably won't even get earnings. Fundamental 9 is following a daily routine. After you've reached a certain skill level and you can do the basic fundamentals, you need to come up with a Fortnite routine you can do daily. And to build a good routine, there's a few things to keep in mind. One is making sure that you get the best practice possible, like getting into a higher scrim division or 1v oneing better players. The next is making sure that it focuses on your weaknesses. If you want a full guide on how to build yourself a routine, then watch this video here. But make sure to like and subscribe if you enjoyed this video and use code blexity in the Fortnite item shop to support me further. 