In this video, I'm going to be explaining to you guys how to actually go pro in Fortnite. As most of you guys probably already know, I am an FNCS winner with over $600,000 earned in this game. Now, I'm going to use my 6 years of experience that I've learned around the years to help you guys improve at Fortnite and start your journey to becoming a pro player. To do this, I made a post across my social media platforms asking you guys questions on how you guys want me to answer, what you guys need help with improving or becoming better at the video game. And I'm just going to be answering all these questions throughout the video. So, make sure you guys like, subscribe, and comment down below what you guys want to see in future videos. And make sure you use code Canada in the item shop when purchasing cosmetics. And without further ado, let's get right into this video. The first question I got was how to get refreshes endgame on high pink because running pre-edits rarely works since they just hold their wall. Is there a better way? So the way I think of getting refreshes in an endgame, especially on high ping, is to use fighting in to an advantage. So you never ever want to be fighting when there's actually nothing going on. Like if you guys start fighting, the chances of you guys getting fought back or priited behind is so high. So you guys should just try your best to take that advantage of not fighting and use it to your advantage. You get what I'm saying? So, let's say if I'm on left side of zone on first moving and I see on my like right next to me there's a team tarping and they're running pre-edits on another team. That's where you take that to it your advantage. You go up behind smack on their wall take it when they're unaware and get those refreshes or if anything you guys should always make sure you use awareness to your advantage. Especially in any scenario in endgame, awareness is number one thing. People get awareness checked all the time and try your best to have the best awareness while using that to your advantage. Would you say you work as hard today as you did in your de development as you did years ago? That question actually like depends for me because right it comes through like motivation if that makes sense. Like the problem with me I have um I have motivation at times and sometimes I'm just just like tired of the game right and I know you guys can agree with that and pro players probably can as well. When I won my first FNCS I was grinding every single day right? I had literally like the most passion. I was locked in because I just got unbanned on Twitch and I just had so much motivation, right? To be honest, like this this year the motivation wasn't really there. But now I I think this season I really do want to try my hardest to qualify for this land and I will do anything that I have to to qualify for this land. So I think like it depends on really what the seasons are and how I'm feeling for how much how hard I work. Is it still possible to go pro in 2025 when you haven't placed a tourni yet but have really good aim and decent mechs. thing with being becoming a pro, anyone could be up and coming. Like some players that are up and coming is like craze that's somehow playing with boo and threats. Now we have we have Curly that qualified land Cooper Re. Like these players have crazy mechanics. They have really good aim as well. You have to understand it's not all about that. It's how smart you are and how well you are in game, right? And your confidence, right? These players could be the greatest creative warriors, but in video game they have no idea what they're doing. And a perfect example of that is like someone like Zen. You guys know he's he's a god in zone wars, whatever. But whenever it comes into game, I've haven't seen him place in a solo casc trios, any type of game mode, right? That just shows like mechanics and aim can only get you so far, but you have to put in the time to become actually smart and understand what you have to do in some situations in the game. That question, yes, you still can go pro depending on how smart you are. How do you know when it's time to rotate correctly? So, the way with rotating just comes experience, right? after you play a lot of scrims, a lot of tournaments, you just realize when to go and when not to. Cuz one one tournament you might rotate at this time when you think it's free and you don't realize it, but you're kind of in like the same position a lot of the times. Like maybe not every game, of course, but sometimes like you you see you feel like you're just in the same position you were a couple games ago and you're like, "Yo, when I did this, it didn't work, so let me switch it." So rotating really just comes down to VOD reviewing, what you have to do in those certain situations, and just experience. you have good experience, you'll find a way to rotate. You know what I'm saying? And and time it perfectly. And also make sure you're scrimming a lot. What separates the tier ones to a decent player where it's almost all abilities but can't seem to place anything. This comes back to like the question I answered earlier. It's just it's just being smart. What you do in the in the in certain situations? Like I think in creative when you're fighting someone, you could die and you respawn. You know what I'm saying? In game, you die, you're dead. There's no respawning. Maybe you got to get rebooted, but your game's already shambles, right? You need to know what to do in situations from early to mid game, mid game to end game, right? And that that's what's the hardest for even tier one players like how to get surge, all that. That does not matter with any mechanics or aim. It's your positioning where to go for the look. Cuz I don't remember the last time I sold a tournament because I missed a shot. You know what I'm saying? Or like, oh, I I was just missing the entire game. Like, it's all about what where you are, what you're doing, how you sell. You know what I'm saying? So, it really goes comes down to your IQ and what you're doing. and decision-making. All right, next question. How to get better at mid games? Avoid fighting/ playing storm, etc. I always get killed mid games, cat, mats, and loot. I'm good at all spawn and end games. So, thing with like I would say mid game, right? It's that's kind of a you problem then. Like if you're getting keyed, bro, and you're just if you just keep dying like you need to be you need to get better at fighting, right? You can't avoid it in opens. Opens is where you have to be fighting a lot. And playing storm and avoiding it, you can't do that every game because eventually you'll also get keyed for that. You need to make sure that you just become a better fighter. So just go into creative, start pging, start fighting people, start playing 3v3s against other trios, just anything to get better at it because if you already have cap loot, you should never really be dying unless it's a top tier team, right? Is tanking zone really as good as people say it is. So the thing with tanking zone, there's two ways of taking zone. If you're playing opens, right? Let's say you have surge in your game and you already have cap surge, then you could wrap deadside in opens, right? Works in finals as well. Works finals better than opens especially because not a lot of people have surge in finals than opens, right? But ting zone, it's not as good as it is. It's like it depends on when you're doing it. It's also a timing on everything. There's not one time it's good, one time it's bad. It's it's when you're doing it. If you do it right every single time, it's going to be a good play. Does that make sense? So, just make sure just watch other pro players how they do it and try to mimic it. You know, how to transfer creative skill to comp. So, the thing with creative skill to comp, it's like you you really can't like you can, but you can't. Like, I don't explain is like in game the game is definitely more laggier than creative. You guys know that. Everyone knows that there's more input delay. the servers are worse, right? And it doesn't feel as fast. Like the only thing that's the closest to creative is reload in my opinion. But the comp, you're not going for like full clips in a fight in Midame. Like start taking your creative your creative skill and instead of going for full clips and creative, learn how to start fighting like you're in game and make turn that into your comp skill. You know what I'm saying? How can I prove myself as a solo player and what stuff is best to practice? So solos is all about it's it's how well-rounded you are. That's that's literally aim, mechs, and smartness, right? Thing with aim and mech, a lot of players already have that. It's it's just the brain that divides you from others. But solos, you don't really even need to be that smart. It's like how good you are at getting refreshes in endgame. How confident are you to just jump in boxes and win your 50/50. You get what I'm saying? So, I think you just have to improve on what you think what you need to do to rotate and how much better you think you are than other players with confidence to just be getting refreshes constantly cuz refreshes and solos bails you out in a lot of situation. How do you not take fight damage in fights and 50/50 less? Take better peaks and stop just wide editing. A lot of people that I see is like people just start wide editing in the middle of box where I can just pre-fire them. They don't take good angles. They take left angle peaks. It's all about peaks and angle advantage. Like you have good angles in that, then you'll always be able to win. Then the other guy can never kill you. How to win off spawn mostly every game. And what you should do after winning spawn. Okay, when you spawn, it comes down to two things. Like it's either if you're landing at a 50-50 drop or you're landing like half half and taking a fight. First, you want to also always have a plan where you land the best side. If it's a not a 50/50 drop, you land at the best side with more loot and you can take the fight. You know what I'm saying? For example, right now, Demon's Domain is a 50/50. Winning all spawn every mostly every single game is kind of impossible unless you literally like are the top tier pros, right? But let's say a spot like let's say Supernova, right? Where there it's like three big ass buildings. You guys, one team lands on one side, one team lands on the other side. You want to make sure you have more loot than them and take ang and take better lurks than the other team. I think in my opinion and isolating like that's how you isolate a solo out you killing one person on the trio makes you automatically basically win the fight. You know how you can kill one catch one off guard. How can you get a good lurk and get a fry on one so your team can push up. Things like that like small things will always be good advantage. How to know when to go for refresh and best time to get refreshes. Best time to get refreshes is when you're already in the moving zones. All right, let's say you're in moving zones. you're already in and you're also safe. Like you have awareness and you also can awareness check others. This came back to like a question I answered earlier. It just comes down to awareness, right? When you could do it like let's say I'm fighting when zone's about to pull max. That's not a good time to fight. You want to fight when you're already in the zone and you have time for the refresh. How do you find good teammates to play with? Good teammates comes with how good you are. You could be the best player in the game. You you might think you're the best player, but if you're also placements don't show it, then people won't play with you. you need to be making sure you're good enough to be able to um play with this player and work your way up. It's like a ladder. Like I know like let's say I played with like a tier three team and we're playing we're playing and I'm like the best player on that team. Like of course like your kinch will show, but don't kinch farm. Kinch farming is the last thing you should do. It's how good you play. Like eventually people will find how how good you are if they play with you. You know, like let's say like I'll give you a good example like Puyo. You guys know Puyo. Everyone thought Peter carried him, right? And then he played on his own and people realize, yo, po, this kid is [ __ ] goated. Like, he's not going around kinch farming, but he's just playing the way he plays and people find out how good he really is. And then he gets, you know what I'm saying? If I play with a tier three team and my teammates always have good things to say about me, the word gets around. Then tier 2's listen to you, pick you up, then, you know what I'm saying? Keeps going. It's a ladder. How do you know when to switch layers and end game? How to practice that? Switching layers is super easy. It's like first, let's say it's just a flat land. Like, it's just full flat. Let's say I start on mid ground, right? and I'm on the second high getting sprayed, you have to switch off the layer, you have to drop. You see the team on low ground getting cut off or you see team low ground not taking it, then you can take it. You see height, height's getting fought, you're on mid ground somehow, then you can go for it at, you know what I'm saying? It's so it's situational and let's say height's just full established and you're mid ground getting sprayed by him. Try to find a way down. You need to make sure you're never going to be the one getting targeted in an endame. Making sure you see other people's weaknesses like, "Oh, this guy's not staying ahead. We cut him off. This guy's unaware. Take this guy. Take this guy's front." How do you not how do you know when to rotate first or last depending on zone and how to not get lobby focused? Lobby focus is not is really easy. You just never want to be the last person rotate. Like if you're the last person, everyone's already established, of course, you're going to get lobby. You need to go at a time where everyone is kind of rotating and establishing so they're not worrying about you. If you're like the first person to rotate though, it might not be good unless you have loss on other teams behind you, right? Cuz if you go first and no one else is moving, of course, you're just going to get sprayed. So you want to go at a time where you use teams to your advantage. to say this guy messed up and he went front. Then you use his walls and his builds to get front and then take a better spot, you know. Next question. How can I get better chemistry with my trio? Chemistry comes down to like how good each other work with each other and how you how good how you know each other. Like the way I am for my trio, I just sit there like I don't really do anything. I don't really talk. I know cuz I know what my trio wants me to do and how they like me to play. Like if you have an ego over someone, it's never going to work. If everyone has if all three of you guys are ego players, the trio is never going to work. You need to have one person that of course the support the fragger and the IGL, right? You need the support of the fragger to always respect the IGL while the support always respects the fraggger's calls. You know, you can't have me fragging in the back and let's say I have Bolts fragging in the front. Like, bro, we're all we're all just playing solo. Like, that's not Chem. Chem is knowing what each other how each other play and playing off them. That's Chem. Next question. How to play height? Height. There's two ways of playing height. Like, you take it later in the game or you take it early, right? And you want to all Height's all about rotation and timing. Like if a team's already established on it, you try to find a way to play mid ground. See, take their blind spots and take it from them, right? Dash on them, raven on them, chop them out from the back. They're getting fought on height, you go front, chop them out. If you want to play height early, you look for where the half pulls. You want to play high. You want to dash on top of them. You want to take it from them. You want to hold it. Make sure you're not getting lurked on. No one's chopping you out. If someone starts chopping your eyes out, you have to spray them. You know what I'm saying? That's how you play height. How do you get smart as an IG? Smart is all just all about experience and body. Like you VA review all the top pros in each game play. Like you'll learn something from everyone and you use that and you just put that in your brain. Just VA review. Play more. You doing the same thing every single game is also not going to get you better and smarter. Like switch it up. I've never done this before. Let's see if it works. All right. Next question. How to actually VA review games. Effectively like things to look for. Um things to look for I would say is how to how did you get shambles here? What? It's not where you die. It's like how you don't just die with 555 unless you're genuinely your teammate's just bad and he's just just like unconfident, you know? How do we how do we get shambles here? Like what rotate led us to waste this many mats? Like what why are we getting ticked for surge right here? What what do we do before? Like a mid game. The mid game is so important because that sets you up for the end game, right? So you want to be VA review and what you're doing wrong and how much dead time there is at the start of the game or mid game or where did you lose this many maps, you know? That's what you look for. You don't just look for the end game. Of course, you want to V end game as well, though. How can you know what to improve on? How to master that imperfection along with how to find other players to compete and comp with? already explained like the players thing when you play with people like if you're good and the word will get around and you'll always find more better players and what to improve on like how if you're if you're the fragger what am I doing wrong that my like what am I doing wrong that's getting our team killed or like what did I do that just messed our entire team up you find that imperfection you keep fixing on it like one of my problems was like talking a lot while I'm not I jelling so I just stopped talking it's a bad it was a habit it was hard to get out of but now I don't really talk a lot that's better for my team cuz that's what they want me to do you know find things that will improve improve your just your team, not just yourself as well. It's not all about maxim. Next question. How important would you say Ving is and how much time you spend doing it? Ving I would say is most one of the most important things ever. It's like let's say you get in a similar situation like what do I do here? But if you voted it the first time you'll know what to do the second time. You know what I'm saying? And the most effective way to VA is by just going through the whole game like watching the whole thing back going around seeing where every team is like seeing what you could have done better where mistakes occurred like all this. Like you might have four mistakes in the game, but you might just be watching the first mistake or the last mistake without realizing the first three. So make sure you're looking at everything. Next question. How do I fight as I swear I keep getting my getting [ __ ] on all my trail fights because we don't play. It's not playing yet. It's like think of trail fighting. Like all your teammates like are they just like ego players? They're trying to go for 1v3s or are they taking it slow? Like you don't want to just be jumping in. You want to be taking it slow and when you're fighting make sure your teammates are also good enough to win their ones. Like if you're all isolating, you're just not taking your or you could be doubling as well. Like let's say this guy's isolated. You jump on them as a trio. Like jump on them as a duo. Hopefully if one of your teammates stalls while you fight the other. Like it's so it's so situational. It also does come down to individual skill like in trail fighting. But let's say they're box fighting. Like make sure you guys don't get just jumped on or darn. Like it's a lot of different situational [ __ ] But at the end of the day, it's like how good you are as a as individually and how good your awareness is. All right, last question of the video. How can you improve with your teammates? Like most maps are for solos. Proving your teammates all just getting in a call together and talking. like what did we did wrong? Like literally just saying straight up, bro, you just sold that. Like you can't be doing this. You got to stop doing this. You got to stop doing that. I hate when you do this. They say it to you. What do you And then how do you fix your problems that makes them not have this problem with you, you know? Also maps, too. It's like then it comes down to playing with scrims. Like you improve your teammates playing scrims. Like that's literally the number one way. Implementing whatever you played in scrims into the tournament. That's what you got to do. You're talking about fighting. You can run 3v3 reels with other trios. You can go in like uh literally any 3v3 map. Fight play with each other. You know, take it seriously. There's a lot of ways to improve, but it also does come down to individual skill and talking it out with each other. I think that's it though. All the questions answered. Damn, that was long. Yo, thank you guys for watching. Appreciate you guys for watching. I will be doing more tips and tricks videos in the future. Comment down below what you guys want to see. Make sure you guys like and subscribe though and use Coconatada in the item shop, please. And I'll see you guys in the next video, 