Today, I'm going to be covering 10 different build moves that you need to learn. And the best part is they're very easy to master, and I'm even going to show you how to transfer these build moves over to an actual rank match. So, if you guys do enjoy, make sure to like and subscribe. Thank you guys so much for 40k subs. Make sure to use code Farley and check out my other socials if you haven't. But enough of me yapping. Let's get into the first retake. First off, let's talk about the first and best build move that's going to allow you to peace control your opponent, and that is the ramp phase trick. So, the first step to this move is to approach your opponent's box. And you can spray on it, swing your pickaxe, just look to see if there's a cone in your opponent's box. If there's no cone in their box, instead of trying to take the wall and then edit, and then shoot them like a normal person. Instead, when you try and swing on the wall, pull a ramp out. This is going to put the ramp in the other player's face. From his POV, it looks like he's holding the wall and then he's going to get a ramp put in his face. Now, he thinks, "Okay, I got to leave this box." And the final step to this is you're just going to pre-piece the box next to them so that when they walk in there, you're going to have a free kill. So in full speed, it would look like this. I'm approaching my player's box. I shoot it, see if there's a ramp in there. If there isn't, I throw the ramp in. And then I box that side so that if he walks in, I have a free kill. Now that we've learned how to do this move in creative, let's show you how to transfer it over to an actual ranked match. Now, when the player boxes up, I'm then going to close the distance, and I'm going to spray on his metal wall. Now, when I spray on the metal wall, I then notice there's no cone in his box. So, what I'm going to do is very simple. I'm going to spray his wall until it's super weak, but I'm not going to break it because if I break it, he could pre-fire me and then I don't have the health advantage. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to hold my ramp out when the wall is super weak. This means the player will probably pre-fire his own wall. That way, I don't take damage while putting peace in his box. Now, he's forced to make a decision. He can either stay in the box or he can leave. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to predict where he's going to leave to. So, I pre-piece the right side of his box so that if he edits out that direction, I have him full box and I have a right-hand peak. And what do you know? He walks right in there and I'm able to pump him and pick up a simple kill. Moving on to the next build move of this video, which is going to be the best way to do damage while not taking damage at the same time. And that is with the protected peak. Now, this trick is very simple to do. All you're going to go is go up to your opponent's wall, put a cone in front of you, flip it up, and then you're going to place a wall to your left and edit the wall like a peanut butter peak. And then you're going to place a box next to you. And then you're going to reset the cone. And you're going to notice now that I've reset the cone, I have a perfect peanut butter peak set up and I can shoot the player. But obviously there's a wall in my way. So now all I have to do is shoot the wall, steal it, stay at a protected angle, and then I'm going to be able to jump and then shoot the player. Also, this move can be used when you're on defense. So if someone's trying to jump out of my box right now, I can edit out and then make another box next to me and then reset the cone. And then now when he tries to run in, I have a free shot. Now, if you want to learn this move really quickly, I recommend creating a box like this. And then obviously flip up the ramp and then edit out to your left. And just practice this move while moving in this direction. And this is just going to build it in your muscle memory so that you can do it every single time. Now that we understand how to do this move in creative, let's show you an example of how to do this in ranked. So all I'm going to do is wait for him to break the wall and then I'm going to pre-fire him. This will allow me to get a big hit of opening damage while backing up. Now notice this player grabs the wall in between me and him. So I don't want to stay in this box anymore. So, I'm going to flip up the cone in front of me. And then I'm going to edit out left with a peanut butter. And then I'm going to create a box to my left and then reset the cone. This will set me up for a perfect peanut butter peak. And since I already have that health advantage, all I have to do is do a little jump shot and then a mammoth pistol and I'm able to pick up a simple kill. Now, sometimes these tricks won't work because sometimes you're the one that's getting pushed. So, I'll show you a simple build move that you can use to fight against aggressive players. Well, the best way to do that is with the peace control side jump. Now, this trick is very simple. When you're getting pushed by someone, you're going to make a 2x1 of space and you're going to bait the player to try and swing on either one of the walls. It doesn't really matter which one. If he wants to swing onto my wall, I'm not going to make an edit right here because this is a terrible peak for me. From my angle, this is what I see. But from the other player's POV, he could easily see me and one pump me. So, I'm not going to be an idiot and edit on the player. Instead, I'm going to move into his blind spot and I'm going to place a ramp. So, I'm going to edit out the right wall below him. And then I'm going to place a ramp. And from the player's POV, after I place that ramp, he still can't see me. And after I side jump, all I have to do is edit on the player and then I can piece him up and then shoot him. Now that we've learned the move in creative, let's hop into a rank match and show you an in-game example. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to edit out my right wall below him and then edit the wall below him while placing a ramp. This will put me in his blind spot. And from his POV, he's still swinging on the wall and he doesn't know I'm below him. Now, from this point, what I'm going to do is I'm going to side jump while holding out a wall in his face. This is going to allow me to obviously have peace on him. And then I'm going to edit. And then I see he's moving to the left. So I'm going to make sure to shoot the cone and then block off the exit. So he can't leave, but he's able to get the cone again. He flips it, but I have him full box. So all I have to do is spray it, steal it from my own. Now I have him fully boxed and I'm able to pump him and then just spray him to death and pick up a quick kill on an Unreal player. Moving on. Now let's talk about the two best and most effective high ground retakes to use in game, which is the high wall side jump. So, to pull off this move, the first two steps you need to do is place a ramp, place a cone, and then you're just going to practice placing two high walls above you. Keep practicing this over and over until you can get it down every single time. Once you have that down, you're now going to practice catching yourself with the floor. So, you're going to go up, then go up, and then catch yourself. Keep doing this over and over until you get it. Then, from this point now, you're going to place a ramp below you. This is going to allow you to then edit up and then either peach control your opponent or do whatever you want after this point. Now, this method is a very good way to take high ground, but there's even a more effective method. So, to start out this build move, you're going to place a ramp and then a cone in front of you. And then you're going to side jump and practice catching yourself on a floor. You're going to do this over and over until you get it down. Then from this point, now you're going to incorporate a ramp. So, you're going to place a floor and then a ramp. Then do this over and over until you got it down. And now the final step, you're going to catch yourself and then you're going to put high walls and then a ramp. This is going to keep you protected while also allowing you to take high ground. And from this point, you can really do whatever you want. Also, if you want to bail out your opponent even more, you can fake your opponent by editing the floor and then doing the side jump. So, it looks like this. I fake and then I go for the move. This makes the player think you're going to edit and then you side jump. Moving on. Now, let's talk about not only a way to peace control your opponent, but the best way to take an opponent's wall. Now, there's two simple steps to this move. First off, you're going to approach your opponent's box. You can either be a box away or you can literally be in their face. It doesn't matter. All you're going to do from this position is place a cone in the box in between you and them. And then you're going to flip up the front tile and then the back two. This is going to set up this weird edit. The reason this trick is so effective is because from the other player's POV right now where I'm standing, he can't make a peanut butter edit, which is the most common edit, and shoot back at you. He also can't make a right-hand peak window edit and shoot you. Now, from this point, you can do one of two things. You can either spray the player's wall, bait him to peek, or you can stay on the left side, hug the left side of the wall, and then steal it from this angle and then move into the box. Also, the great thing about this move is it's literally universal. You can use it anytime. If I'm fighting this player, I see he's in this box. I can flip it up and then I can start spraying, stay at an angle, see how I'm protected, then I can either go in, piece him up, and I can just pick up a free kill. Also, this move isn't just limited to a cone. You can also just use a ramp, flip it like this, and then spray from an angle, and then just obviously steal it, and then kill your opponent. Now that we know how to do this creative, let's show you a in-game example. When he puts this wall in between me and him, notice how I'm going to flip up the right three tiles. What this does from this POV right here is it will completely counter the peanut butter peak that this guy wants to make. And that means no matter what edit he makes, he exposes himself. And you'll notice he has to make a window edit and I'm able to actually outdamage him and that gives me a little bit of a health advantage. Now I can go spray the player and now I can steal the wall again from a good peak. Place a cone in there and this other player places a wall in between me and him. But I notice there's no cone in his box. So instead of just taking the wall and then shooting him like a normal player, I'm going to throw a ramp in while taking the wall. This means I have him full pieced and then I'm just able to wid it on him and pump him and pick up a simple elimin. Moving on. Now let's talk about a great high ground retake to bait out your opponent, which is the fake 180. Now the first step to this move is to place a ramp in front of you. Place a wall below you and then place a wall up and then place another ramp above you. From this point, now you're going to place a cone and then another cone to your left. Then you're going to jump and you're going to turn and then place two walls and then a ramp. From your opponent's POV, he's going to think, "Oh, he's going to double at it right there." But instead, what you're going to do is you're going to sprint, turn your body, and then go this direction. And from this direction, you're then going to sprint, side jump, and then catch yourself. And then you're going to do the high walls like I taught you earlier. And then from this point on, you can do whatever you want. You can chain anything together and then, you know, piece your opponent up and then pick up a free kill. In full speed, it would look like this. I go up, place the walls, place the ramp, turn, place the cones, and then I turn around, and then I jump up, side jump, and now I'm on height. Moving on, let's talk about one of the most overrated edits ever, the double edit. The double edit makes you super exposed, and you can just get pumped in your face and die. So, let's show you a different version of the double edit so that you don't take damage. Now, to do this move, it's very simple. Instead of double editing like you normally do on a player and then getting shot or going for a 50/50, so like right here, I'm above the player. I'm going to edit and then do this. This is going to give you a peak now where you can see the other player and they can't see you. See how I'm standing right here and I'm not taking damage. If I did the other one, he shoots me. But since I do this edit, he can't see me. Now I can jump, shoot, and take my shot. So in full speed, it looks like this. I go up, edit, and then I go out and then I shoot the player. Moving on. Now, let's talk about another great way to take high ground really quickly, and that is with the click start. So this move consists of three simple steps. First one, place a ramp in front of you, another ramp up, and then one to the right. From this point, sprint, jump, and then place a floor, and then a ramp below you. Then from this point, turn to your left, face this ramp, and then sprint and then jump and do the exact same thing. And then chain together. It looks like this. I turn, sprint, sprint, and then I just keep placing the ramps. And you can literally just do this over and over just to get high ground. Also, this is basically the best start for 1v ones. You can edit out, and then you're going to go up, sprint, place a ramp, place another ramp, and then you can chain that move together with those 90s. Also, if you're struggling to learn one of these build moves at full speed, go to a map like Raider before Mechanics or any map that can just slow down your movement speed. And from this point, you can practice these builds on a lower speed. Like, if I want to practice my side jumps, I can practice them on a slower speed. And then I can go back to normal speed. And you're going to notice that it's going to be a lot easier to do these moves. Now, also, this map not only has a slow speed section. You can also go to the peace control drills. Like, let's say right here, this bot, I want to set up the perfect peak. I can edit out left and then set it up. And then I can take the wall, then edit on the player, and then shoot him. Or let's say I want to practice my side jump high walls. I can go here, go up, and then practice them just like this and then pick up quick kills. Now, that is going to wrap up this video. So, if you guys did enjoy, make sure to like and subscribe. We're almost at 40K subs. And if you want to see how to become the best fighter possible, go check this video out. But with that, I'm out. 