Today, I'm going to be showing all of you 10 different ways to dominate every fight in ranked reload. The techniques in this video are all designed to end fights in the fastest way possible. So, if you guys do enjoy, make sure to like and subscribe. Also, go check out my other socials if you haven't already. But now, onto the first fight. So, first off, if you want to fight smarter, you need to learn how to fight against aggressive players because the majority of players in rank are super aggressive and are always trying to jump into your box. So, in this first example, we're going to go over right here. I just picked up a kill, got some mats, and then this other player who is super confident is going to start to ramp over at me and push me. Now, when he pushes over to me, I know I can't do anything crazy because I'm limited on materials. Obviously, I'm not going to wide it right here on him cuz he's just going to shoot me in my face. So, he's going to block off the angles so that I can't edit. At this point, I know this is off limits. So, I'm going to reset my floor and then move to the left and re-edit my wall to set up a peanut butter. But, this player blocks off this angle and then goes for my left wall. Now, right now from this position, I have about 150 mats to my name. So, I can't do some crazy side jump, go for a crazy retake, and try and kill the player. I have to do something effective with my mat so that I can kill him quickly. Now, I can't edit out in front of me cuz obviously he's looking at me. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to edit out my right wall below him and then edit the wall below him while placing a ramp. This will put me in his blind spot. And from his POV, he's still swinging on the wall and he doesn't know I'm below him. Now, from this point, what I'm going to do is I'm going to side jump while holding out a wall in his face. This is going to allow me to obviously have peace on him. And then I'm going to edit. And then I see he's moving to the left. So, I'm going to make sure to shoot the cone and then block off the exit. So, he can't leave. But, he's able to get the cone again. He flips it. But, I have him full box. So, all I have to do is spray it, steal it from my own. Now, I have him fully boxed and I'm able to pump him and then just spray him to death and pick up a quick kill on an Unreal player. But I was able to win a fight against a super aggressive player because I went in his blind spot and I caught him off guard. So make sure if someone jumps onto your wall, you do a trick like this to catch them off guard. Moving on now, I want to talk about the best way to win fights and peace control your opponents. And that is with predictions. Predicting where your opponent is going to go is going to allow you to peace control your opponents and pick up free kills. Now, you're probably asking yourself, how do you do this? Well, in this fight right here, for example, it's a 1v one between me and the other player. I know he's right over here, so I'm going to spray him and I'm going to get a little bit of a damage. When I get this damage, I see this back wall is exposed. So, I try and grapple over to that area, but he gets up and he builds. And when I see this player start to elevate up, I'm going to side jump and then catch myself. And I notice the visual sound effects and this player's wall is on the left side of me. That means he's going to be moving into that area as I'm building. So, I'm not going to go where the player is. I'm going to go where the player is going to be with the visual sound effects. So, I double ed it up and then edit to my left and then double ed it down. and I'm able to fullbox the player, put him in timeout, and then I'm able to pump him in the back and then pick up a simple kill and a win just because I looked at the visual sound effects and where he was going and I was able to predict him. So, make sure to do things like this if you want to peace control your opponents. Moving on, now let's talk about the biggest issue players run into in ranked, and that is third parties because it seems every single time you get a kill, you get pushed by another player. So, really quickly, let's show all of you how to deal with third parties properly. For example, in this scenario, I just picked up a kill, but I was shambles. So, I picked up all the loot and created a 2x1 because I know there's probably going to be a third party trying to push me. And when someone does approach my box and starts to spray me, you'll notice I have that extra box. Notice how I'm standing in the back box while the other player is trying to push up to my wall. This is just in case he tries to jump in. I have space to work with. And when I get the wall and the cone in front of me, I need to make sure I incorporate my movement right here because right now from this POV, if I made a peanut butter at it, this player could see me. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to start my edit and then I'm going to make sure to move to the left while I edit and then place a cone above him and a wall behind him. This means, you'll notice from my POV right now, I'm fully protected and this other player isn't. And then I'm able to jump since I have Peaker's advantage and crack the player. And then I reset the wall so that I don't take any damage. And then I'm just going to look at the player for a second. I see he's running away. So, I'm going to edit my top and then go push him. When I push up to him though, I don't want to take any dumb damage cuz you never know, I might get third party again. So when this player tries to jump in, I ramp him and then I block off my front to make sure he can't go anywhere. I then realize he's going out to the left. So I edit out and then I get the wall and the cones in between me and him. But again, peanut butter edit right here won't work cuz he could pump me. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit a simple wall reset to bait the player to then see me. Then he doesn't see me cuz I reset the wall. That baits him to shoot the wall. And then I can pump him. And you'll notice that in that fight I took zero damage just because I incorporated a little bit of movement and I avoided that third party. altogether. So, make sure you're doing things like this to avoid getting third partied. Moving on from third parties, let's talk about the best way to become a well-rounded and overall smarter fighter, and that is by having good awareness. Now, awareness can be used in many different ways. Like in this fight here, I see that I'm on this player's wall. So, I head out to my left and then I set up a perfect peak where I reset the cone and then I pre-fire the player and I'm able to crack him and then I'm able to pump him. But when I pump him, this player is going to elevate a layer and he's going to box up and create space. Now, when he does this, I notice there's no cone in his box. So, I'm going to edit up. Place a cone in between me and him. This grabs me piece over in between me and him. And that gives me an advantage. So, I'm going to spray the floor now. And when he's pickaxing it, he's too late. And then I notice there's no wall in between both of his boxes. So, all I'm going to do is break the floor. And then instead of editing the cone where he could just place a wall, I'm going to steal the wall for myself. Then I make a wide edit because I know he's super weak. And then I was able to pick up a simple kill. But this isn't the only way that you can have really good awareness. You also need to have good awareness when you end a fight because a lot of people will get a kill and then all their awareness will go out the door and then they get third party, get jumped in on, they make a bad mistake and they die. Like right here for example, I see these two other people trying to jump in on me and I'm able to steal the last kill. But after I get the kill, I see all the good loot obviously. But in the back of my head, I hear someone fall right above me. When I hear this, I'm not going to be greedy for the loot, and I'm instantly going to create an extra box of space in hardmats so that when this other player drops down on me, I have a great angle. I'm able to jump, pump him, reset the wall to make sure he can't shoot me, hold the wall so that he can't shoot, and then steal it. And then I edit out the right side to give me a right-hand peak because he's expecting me to add it on the left wall. But instead, I add it on the right one, and I'm able to pump him and then pick up a simple elimination. But I was only able to hear that player because I kept my awareness throughout the entire fight. Now, to become a smarter fighter, you also need to learn how to fight aggressive, but most importantly, not take damage at the same time. So, right here in this fight, I'm going to push up with this player, and I know he's in front of me, so I place a cone. When he puts this wall in between me and him, notice how I'm going to flip up the right three tiles. What this does from this POV right here is it will completely counter the peanut butter peak that this guy wants to make. And that means no matter what edit he makes, he exposes himself. And you'll notice he has to make a window edit. And I'm able to actually outdamage him. And that gives me a little bit of a health advantage. Now I can go spray the player. And now I can steal the wall again from a good peak. Place a cone in there. And this other player places a wall in between me and him. But I notice there's no cone in his box. So instead of just taking the wall and then shooting him like a normal player, I'm going to throw a ramp in while taking the wall. This means I have him full pieced and then I'm just able to wide it on him and pump him and pick up a simple elim. Moving on. Now, I want to talk about a big mistake I see a lot of players in reload make, and that is limiting themselves to one box of space when they're fighting. If you always create one box of space, the other player's always going to be able to apply pressure to you. Like right here, this player's on high ground above me and I'm going to shock wave onto height and I'm going to damage him. But when I crack him, this player makes one box of wood. That means I can keep applying pressure and this player will never have time to met up. See, I throw a ramp in and then he drops again. but he drops and he creates another box, but it's only one box. And that means I can keep applying pressure. You'll notice this player's trying to med up, but he doesn't have the time to. And I'm able to throw a ramp in his face and then I'm able to edit catching him off guard and then I'm able to pump him. So, please, when you're fighting in reload, always create two boxes of space. And you'll notice that in all the fights I've shown you in this video, I was always creating two boxes of space. And it's not a coincidence. Moving on. Now, let's talk about the final part of this video, and that is how to fight and win in Endgame. So, a simple example of how you can close out games even in the worst scenarios would be right here. I'm on high ground and I have zero mats and the other player below me is trying to chop me out. When this player chops me out, I reconnect myself. But at this point, I'm out of mats, so I'm going to grapple down and then I'm going to drop on him. Now, at this point, if I stand here and let this player just shoot me, I'm going to die. So, notice how I'm going to track this player through the wall with the visual sound effects. I'm just going to look in the general direction where I think he is, and I'm just going to hold out my crosshair because I know this player's kind of elevated in this mountain. So, he's probably going to have to make a bad edit or at least expose himself in some way if he wants to shoot me. So, all I'm going to do is hold on my crosshair, wait for him to over peak, and then I'm able to pump him, 200 him, and then get that refresh I was looking for. But obviously, this other player is just going to come down and start to push me. So, I instantly grab the mats. Don't get greedy for the loot, and then I create space. Now, when I get this kill, obviously, I have mats to work with now. But this player blocks off all my angles to go up. So, instead of going below him where he has all the piece, he can just double it on me. I'm going to go out into zone and then grapple up. This allows me to get high ground on the player, get the jump on him, and then edit, accidentally chop myself out. Definitely meant to do that, but then I'm able to pump the player, and then pick up a simple win. So, make sure even when you're in these terrible circumstances, you're using your brain and you're figuring out what you can do against an opponent with even more mats or better loot than you. Now, that's going to wrap up this video. So, if you guys did enjoy, make sure to like and subscribe. And if you want to see how to reach emperor rank, go check this video out. With that, I'm out. Peace.