If you're looking to hit bigger shots, edit faster and build more consistently. then mastering crosshair placement is key. In this video, going to be breaking down what efficient crosshair placement looks like, how you can improve your cross replacement. And I'll be giving you tips you can use to apply right away. To start seeing results, This video is designated for all skill levels, so don't worry if I go over something you already know. Feel free to skip ahead using the timestamps in the description. So what exactly is crosshair placement? Prosser placement is how you position your crosshair when aiming, building, or editing. Having proper crosshair placement minimizes unnecessary movement, making your gameplay smoother and more efficient. a lot of players overlook their crosshair positioning. which leads to missed shots and inconsistent building or editing Let me show you a few examples to make this more clear. When aiming, keep your crosshair leveled at your opponents head. This reduces the amount of movement you need to make aiming for a headshot. in this clip. You'll notice I'm aiming too low, forcing myself to flick upwards to hit my target, which makes it a lot harder land big shots. Comparing that with this clip I keep my crosshair at a head level, making it much easier to land high damage shots without needing much adjustment. In that second clip, you'll see less movement in my crosshair making my shots, edits and builds more precise. But it's not all just about accuracy. It also helps me stay aware of my surroundings because I'm not constantly over correcting. A crucial part of improving crosshair placement is getting better control over your aim. If you can't control your crosshair, aiming, building and editing is going to feel a lot less consistent. Wieso? So how do you get better? Crosshair control? The answer is Aim training. if you're on keyboard mouse using programs like Kovacs or Aim labs are fantastic way to fine tune your Aim and mouse control. for those on controller. You may not have access to those third party trainers, but there are plenty of creative maps out there to help you work on your aim. I've already made an entire video going over how to aim on this channel, covering everything you need to know about how to get better. Aim fast keyboard, mouse and controller players. So check the top link in the description. Build and edit. Efficiency. Now let's move on to building and editing. One of the most important things to work on here is eliminating unnecessary movements your crosshair. there's a great section in Raiders mechanics map that visually demonstrates how to move your crosshair efficiently when editing walls, but this principle applies to not just walls. It applies to every built. A helpful tip that I love is to practice with your sensitivity cut in half. Doing this forces you to pay closer attention how you're moving your crosshair, making your movements more deliberate controlled. another great tip is to connect your edits. For example, when I'm making multiple edits in a sequence, I always try to finish one at it with my crosshair placement already positioned for the next. Advanced techniques. Now let's get into some more advanced techniques. in this clip, instead of dragging my crosshair across the screen, I flip my ramp in a way that naturally positions my crosshair grab the next edit. It's simple things like this that can really boost your consistency. as you become more aware of your crosshair placement, start to notice inefficiencies in your own gameplay. before we get to this next tip, I want to give a huge shout out to modify. As you've seen before. I coach people all the time. Oftentimes it's for free in my thesis, discord or during my Tuesday thesis. but there are many times I do paid private sessions. mean, if I make this entire process easier for both of us. So if you're interested in taking your game to the next level, to book a session at meta Gygax. And let me help you get your first or next earnings. Now let's hop right back into the video. Training crosshair placement. now. Let's talk about how you can practice improving crosshair placement. Let's start with the basics. Raiders Mechanics Map has a great crosshair training section that's perfect for practicing your edits different angles. I'm there's also an angle training section you can work on long edits. I find it especially helpful those tricky box edits precision is key. Next, have piece control tunnels. These are excellent for running through all types of build combinations helping you expand your combination portfolio. A big focus when doing these tunnels is to be intentional. Take it slow. Focus on your crosshair placement and those builds that you're actually wanting to place. There is no rush here. It's all for training purposes. So take your time and build up proper muscle memory if you need to slow the game down even more, can hit an email and it will open up a menu that will slow your game down. one v one's for end game practice. Finally, can bring all these practice methods into end game scenarios in one V once. I'll always suggest a realistic map over anything else for the closest practice to endgame scenarios. Unlike the low pressure practice maps, 1V1 has put you in a competitive environment, making it easier to forget about crosshair placement. But if you constantly remind yourself to focus on it, start to develop the habit naturally it will translate into your gameplay when it matters most. Just remember, iron sharpens iron, So make sure your opponent is challenging you each round. Or else you could be wasting your time. That's it for now. I hope you found it helpful and are able to take some of these tips to apply to your own gameplay. Thanks for watching! Make sure to like and subscribe and I'll see you in the next one. It. I have a question. So getting better crosshair placement so the speed is not a hard thing, but it's all about crossovers. So when you're playing edit courses, you're trying to be controlled nice and slow, but still have that same speed. And it's going to be not great to start with, but your level it up over time. try to attack fast and just be more controlled with it. like actually focus on really slow, methodical movements try anything slow. But your, your speed is fast. Like you're editing. You're moving through your edits fast. That makes sense. Speed is in the sense that you're not getting stuck on an edit. Like you're not getting stuck in a wall. Like right now you're moving in a in a fluent speed, but your editing is smooth, like your crosshair is smooth. You're not flicking to your edits. Everything is nice and controlled. Your mouse is really controlled. The whole goal here is to be smooth and not stop. Like you don't want to get stuck on a wall. Because if you get stuck in a wall or you get stuck on your cone. But controlled cross placement like this is not controlled, you're flicking your mouse around like very slow, like imagine like you're in slow motion, nice and slow, right? Controlled crosshair placement. Right. Double it, it up, double it, it down. It's nice and control. It's not flicky you want to be as controlled as you can with as being as fast. That's going to be the peak mechanics, right? Yeah, 100%. Essentially what you're practicing is practicing controlling your speed, being able to like, not get stuck on an edit. Right. That's very important. But you're also you're setting yourself up for good crosshair placement for your next possible shot, your next piece, your next angle. And that's that's full like peak mechanics, right? When you're able to just box somebody up, have perfect cross placement, one pump done.