What if you are in duos?

For duos, all the solo tips apply but for both of you. This could also include 3-4 people.

Pinching: Pinching is a technique of pressuring boxes from 2+ angles. This allows you to split up the duo and take away space easier.

Wood: When somebody is boxed in wood, this is a very good sign to push them. This can mean one of two things. They are either low on materials, or don't know how to use their materials wisely.

Disadvantage: When you know they will be at a disadvantage, it is fine to push their box. If they just fought or got lobbied for a long period of time, its good to push their box since you will be in the advantage.

Refresh needed: In mid-game, your goal is surge and to get ready for endgame. Some things to look out for that might be low would include surge, health, heals, loot, ammo, materials. If you are low on any of these, remember you are at a disadvantage in the fight.

Timing and positioning: Remember that your positioning and when you take the fight means a lot. Wrong place wrong time can get you lobby focused, getting you both killed. You don't want that. Instead, try to be near edge circle and stay away from middle/congested zone. This allows you to fight without many people being around you. The timing should be when nobody is looking and the team will be caught off guard.

Layering: This doesn't happen often, but there is a possibility that you can chop out the opponents box if they are on a higher layer but only connected by 1-2 pieces. This allows your teammate to get a prefire, getting a health advantage. This is the best advantage which should win you the fight.

You need to learn to pinch. Pinching is when you and your duo play two different angles to make your enemy have less space to fight. The best way to pinch is having your fragger try to get in a box with one of the players and taking them down. While doing this the IGL should be taking safe clever peeks and angles to try get tags. The best people to study pinching is videos of Peterbot as he is one of the best at pinching.

