Height and Positioning Guide

Why is height important

Height is very important in Fortnite and all players must learn how to easily gain control of it. Height is good because it lets you spray opponents from above and conserve mats because you don't need to tunnel.

How to take height

Cranking 90s and 180s: If you learn how to crank 90s and 180s fast and do it without wasting mats you will easily be able to take height during fights. Make sure you learn how to do infinite 90s and 180s!

Coning opponents: When an opponent tries to take height from you or is ramp rushing you place a cone above them to obstruct them. This will make them spend time moving back or going out one of the sides and using that you can pre-box them or crank some more to maintain height.

Ramp rushing: Ramp rushing is when you spot an opponent in height or you want to take height before them. All you need to do is ramp up while supporting your ramp with floors and walls so that the opponent cannot break it easily. It is very useful when you need to take height while advancing towards the opponent.

Highground Retakes: High-ground Retakes are very important and all competitive players must know at least some! High-ground Retakes help you take height while blocking opponents' shots from above and 3rd parties from spraying you from the sides or from below.

Editing: You should make sure you have all the pieces around you while taking height and as you go up edit the pieces. This is useful to stop opponents from taking the pieces around you. You can also reset your builds and back up if you need to.

Don't rush, stay calm: You shouldn't go for height immediately and should make sure you have full health and the mats to build fight. If you don't, just box up and wait for the opponent to key you. You can also spray the opponent or chop them down from below.

High ground This season is risky you must have sprites to avoid fall damage.

High ground is hard to play mainly because the new cloak rotation which anyone can use.

Pressuring 2nd height is key when playing highground. Instead of shooting players in the open or teams playing in wood you should be spraying the teams building in metal/stacked teams and any team that's below you because those are the only team that could take your highground.

If you see your highground is hardly connected one player on the team needs to drop down and connect to lowground so it's much harder for teams to chop you out.

How to dominate height

As an IGL you should be able to play height. Height is the best layer but only if your team knows how to play it. This season height is dangerous because of crash pads. So you know need to be constantly looking for people trying to land on you. When you're looking to go up for height before the 12th zone you must use hard mats (brick and metal) if you use wood you will be an easy chop and height will be taken. Once you get to final zone your fragger should drop down while your Igl sits on height spraying down. Make sure your fragger doesn't go down to drag out before the 12th zone or they'll be too many teams and the fragger will most likely go down.

Mid Ground

Mid-ground is the most congested layer. Make sure to be ready because players can pop out out of nowhere. Tunnel your way to zone safely while getting some easy kills for refreshes. Midground can be very hard to play because people will abuse the new bats which are insanely OP.

Try to play above lowground and directly below height this is called "mirroring height" the goal is to be under the highground teams blind spot so they cant spray you and your still above the other teams so its harder to get griefed/fought by them.

