W-Keying Guide

W-Keying refers to playing very aggressively without backing off. In other words, applying constant pressure to whoever you encounter in the Battle Royale lobby until you eliminate them.

Tips and Tricks

1) Getting a w-key Loadout
- A grappler or any other form that can help you rotate to your next target quicker than anyone else.
- An Assault Rifle
- A Shotgun
- An SMG
- Shield (Slurp fishes > Minis > Big Pots)

2) Deal Damage Before Entering a Fight
Simply, sneak up to a player and deal damage to them before they hear your bullets and build around. The more damage you deal, the easier it will be to eliminate your opponent.

3) Prevent your Opponent from Healing
The best way to do that is to just shoot at their build while moving to make them exposed. This way, instead of healing, they will have to focus on building.

4) Approach Each Fight With Caution
Even if you deal a significant amount of damage to your opponent before you decide to 'jump into their box', remind yourself that this player could be playing on a controller and that they could bait you to get closer to them and run at you spraying, essentially killing you very quickly due to the aim-assist on controller. Furthermore, take a quick look around for other players that could be interested in the fight. The last thing you want is to get third-partied mid-game and focus the whole lobby onto yourself. In that case, your chances of getting eliminated skyrocket.

5) Use your Builds to your Advantage
When w-keying in a "bot lobby", the most likely scenario will be that your opponent gets boxed up and that you will need to box-fight them. If you have been practicing box fighting in Creative, we are sure that you know what right-hand peaks are.

How to W-Key?

This question is getting asked by a lot of fraggers. Knowing how to W Key, Will increase the amount of kills you get every game, And maybe even get you to a win. Keep in mind that w keying plays a big roles in pro gameplay, Like: Peterbot, Cold, MariusCOW, and more. You can improve W keying by 3 methods:

1. Play more ranked. Playing ranked will help you get more confidence in fights, And confidence plays a huge role in the fundamental called "W-Keying".

2. Play creative maps on high ping. Why high ping? In creative you are getting less ping because you are playing with less people than an actual match. In creative u play against 1, You'll get the lowest ping as possible because there are less people having ping counter. And in real matches there is 100 people getting a ping counter.

3. The third method is pretty simple. Watch some pro gameplay, and try to compare yourself to them.

You can use the following maps to improve at W keying:
- 0550-1751-3094 - speed realistics 1v1's
- 7232-7048-3633 - W keyer 1v1

W-keying is all about confidence in your ability if your a good fighter you'll be confident in taking fights and angles, w keying isn't about jumping in a box and hoping to win a 50 50 it's about playing your angles correctly hoping for an opponent to mess up, and get hit for big damage.

